{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Mircalla Karnstein (Carmella), n\'e9e Rachelle Vincent\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Role in Story:	Deceased Fianc\'e9e of Parson Sinews\
	Occupation:	\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
Physical Description:	Beautiful, fair, and elegant.\
\
Personality:		Kind, gentle-tempered, she possesses a naive wonderment\'97a certain joie-de-vivre\'97that Parson finds captivating. Sensitive, shy, and young, Rachelle is truly Parson\'92s opposite in almost every sense. Like Parson, she is beautiful, intelligent, and wealthy.\
\
	Habits/Mannerisms:	\
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
Background:		Rachelle Vincent is Parson Sinews\'92 beautiful, late fianc\'e9e. Murdered by Doctor Allen, Rachelle Vincent was once the only light in Parson Sinews\'92 world. While she was alive, he would often call her \'93his one redeeming quality,\'94 and would jokingly state that he had never meant to fall in love but that it could not be avoided. In his words, \'93I'm all for romance; it's love I'm against. Love makes moths of us all, and none can resist its flame.\'94\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Rachelle, a Parisian recently migrated to London, was also a twin to Camille Vincent.\u8232 \u8232 The truth about Rachelle is that everything is not what it seems. She is as deceptive as she is beautiful, a sociopath so committed to the pursuit of science that she is willing to do anything and betray anyone so long as her research can continue unhindered. She believes her research is important enough that it is necessary to make these sorts of \'93sacrifices.\'94\u8232 \u8232 She is a scientist, investigating the effects of the Lazarus Virus, and a member of The Resurrectionists, a cult devoted to scientific advancement. The members of this group had apparently been under the impression that the Lazarus Virus was a secret known only to them. Their leader, Sir Henry (a leader among the British Military) had gone to great lengths to cover up all evidence of the group\'92s activities, and only recently had it come to his attention that the Agency was also aware of the Lazarus Virus.\u8232 \u8232 Among the members of the group, a pseudonym is deemed a necessity in order to protect their identities. Rachelle\'92s is Mircalla Karnstein.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi567
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 	Internal Conflicts:	\
\
	External Conflicts:	 \
\pard\tx9020\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\pardeftab720\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160
\cf0 \
	Notes:	}