{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Role in Story:		Protagonist\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Physical Description:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Viewed from the right angle, Annabel is stunning. With long ringlets of orange hair, a fair complexion and perfectly delicate features, the coy smile on her lips is her most captivating feature. She dresses in the height of fashion, with a key around her neck.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 From any other angle, she can be utterly terrifying. She boasts a long scar on the side of her face that was covered by the unusual contraption which covers her missing eye. She has the capacity to scowl in a way that is most dreadful, and there is an intensity in her remaining eye that can send chills up the spine of even the bravest of men. \u8232 \u8232 She generally has a Derringer strapped to her ankle.\u8232 \u8232 Like the clockwork eye she straps to her face each morning, her right arm is made of mechanical parts. Gears which click as she rotates her forearm, hydraulics which hiss as she flexes her artificial muscles. Each joint bears a keyhole. The key she wears like a pendant around her neck is used for winding up her arm like a music box. The arm is copper and brass and made with the same extraordinary workmanship of her mechanical eye. It moves with quiet motions, even as the gears whir and click.\
\
Personality:\
Annabel tends to be a bit sarcastic. She\'92s more or less fearless - although she doesn\'92t like zombies or being around dead bodies. She\'92s intelligent and resourceful. She cannot stand to be shown up by anyone and is constantly striving to prove her capableness. She takes pains to hide her mechanical arm.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 She\'92s decisive, quick on her feet, and quickly able to grasp information. Her background has taught her to look out only for herself, to trust no one, and to take what she likes and give nothing back. Despite that, deep down she has a good heart.\
\
Habits/Mannerisms:\
Annabel dresses smart and tends to follow the general rules of politeness, although her manners can at times be a bit rough.\
\
Background:\
Annabel was orphaned at an early age and remembers very little of her parents. She learned to take care of herself, scrapping with the boys, stealing her meals; Jack Bernhardt helped her to take her profession to the next level, not to steal for survival. He also helped her to form professional contacts, arranged to have her taught to use firearms and manners. She was involved in several high-profile heists.\
Years ago she lost her eye and arm to zombies, but they were replaced with mechanical prosthetics.\
\
Internal Conflicts:\
She worries that she\'92s too soft; wouldn\'92t it be in her best interest if she just let the world burn?\
\
Notes:\
Miss Monday is a formidable sharpshooter. Whatever machinations had gone into the design of her prosthetic eye, it is more enhancement than replacement.}