{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Role in Story:		Jonathan\'92s closest friend\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Physical Description:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Blonde, blue-eyed, and brightly if not tastefully dressed, with silk ascots and colourful trousers, Roderick has curly hair and a carefully groomed mustache.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Personality:	\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Roderick Steen is an eccentric but brilliant dandy, often annoyed by being compared to Sherlock Holmes. \'93Somehow I failed to catch the homoerotic subtext in the Hounds of the Baskervilles.\'94 Roderick is a homosexual, a fact he hides only just barely and only from those he feels might be inclined to have him arrested. Otherwise, he is quite proud of his sexual deviancy. His constant companion, with whom he regularly converses, is a dog named Bailey, the Watson to his Holmes.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Habits/Mannerisms:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 As mentioned, he often talks to his dog, doing the voice of Bailey with a bit of ill-practiced ventriloquism. He has an excessive sweet tooth. He has a bit of a cocaine habit.\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Background:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 His father had been a policeman, and an alcoholic. Edward Steen had made a decent salary as a detective at Scotland Yard, in spite of his inability to refuse a glass of whiskey when one was proffered. If Edward Steen was alive to this day, Roderick Steen did not know, nor care. He had distanced himself from his father in every way he possibly could.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Internal Conflicts:		\
\
External Conflicts:		\
\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}