{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When he regained consciousness, there was a man with a bird\'92s face standing at the side of his bed. Behind him, a pale white boy with blonde hair, about his own age or perhaps a few years older, stood against the wall, looking shyly back. Jonathan offered up a weak smile, but the boy turned away from him, busying himself with his work. He had a jar of leeches in one hand and a doctor\'92s surgical bag in the other. He set the jar down on the table beside the man in the bird\'92's face.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Jonathan leaned back on his pillow and looked up at the man with the bird\'92s face. His face was made of dark leather, and it was strapped to his head with shiny brass buckles. He had glass lenses for eyes. Jonathan remembered seen pictures in books of doctors who would wear this style of mask in the times of the plague, but he never knew doctors still wore them. He wondered if he was still asleep, if this was something his feverish mind had dreamed up. The candle flickered, casting strange shadows upon the wall.\
He tried to sit but the doctor pressed a gloved hand against his chest and forced him back down. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8BEC4F3A-CA83-4ADA-9E77-2A4F51721C84"}}{\fldrslt He was cold even beneath the blankets, but he was sweating.}} The doctor had a thermometer in his hand. He placed it on the bedside table and turned back to Jonathan.\
Jonathan wanted to ask him what was happening, but his own voice sounded strange to him. Incoherent. Slurred. He had a vague recollection of choking on something. The bloodworm. He remembered gradually losing consciousness, and he remembered the frightened faces of his friends as they turned and ran. He didn't know if they\'92'd run to get help or if they'd just abandoned him.\
He tried to sit up again, but was stopped once more by the doctor\'92s hand.\
\'93Restrain him,\'94 said the doctor. His voice sounded strange, too, filtered through the leather plague mask, but a moment later a servant entered the room with a set of leather straps in hand.\
Forgetting that the doctor\'92s hand was still pressed hard against his chest, Jonathan tried again to sit up, and when he met the resistance of the doctor\'92s hand, he grew more desperate in his need to sit. He grabbed at the doctor\'92s hand with his own, tried to pry his arm from his chest, but his efforts were in vain.\
While the doctor pinned him down, the servant and the doctor\'92s assistant began to tie the straps around him, binding him to the bed. Three straps, one around his waist, one around his legs, and now the servant moved to tie one around his chest.\
Jonathan heard the sound of an animal snarling. The girl stumbled back. She stared at him in alarm, her eyes wide and frightened, and it took Jonathan a moment to realize she was afraid of 
\i him
\i0 . He hadn\'92t even realized he\'92d done it, but he was sure that sound had come from him. He couldn\'92't explain it, but there was a part of him that wanted to kill her. No, not kill her. 
\i Eat
\i0  her. It was an uncontrollable, unshakable need, a desperate animal instinct that frightened him.\
The girl took a moment to catch her breath, and the blonde boy came up from behind as if to help her. She nearly jumped out of her skin.\
\'93Sorry, I didn\'92t mean to\'97\'94 he began.\
\'93It\'92s alright,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ve got it.\'94\
She bent to buckle the straps in place. She moved in close to tie them up tight. She smelled like meat. Jonathan\'92's stomach growled hungrily. 
\i What was wrong with him?
\i0 \
Her hands worked quickly, and she was almost finished with the buckle. 
\i Eat her
\i0 , screamed the voice in his head.\
\'93Stop it,\'94 he said, gritting his teeth. \'93Leave me alone.\'94\
He had to warn them. They didn\'92t seem to realize the danger they were in. He was scared he would hurt them.\
\'93What\'92s that?\'94 said the servant, bending down to hear him better. \'93Did you hear that? He just said something.\'94\
The smell of her breath was torment. He felt like a caged animal. He needed to get out of these straps. He tried to sit up suddenly. The doctor still had his hand on Jonathan\'92s forehead, but he was caught off guard by Jonathan\'92s sudden movement. His hand slipped from Jonathan\'92's forehead.\
That single moment was all it took. Before he could stop himself, Jonathan sunk his teeth into the girl\'92s throat and clamped down. Blood spurted into Jonathan\'92s mouth as his teeth scraped through skin and tore out a chunk of meat from her neck.\
She screamed. She grasped her neck with both hands and stumbled back. She looked down at the blood on her hands, and dropped to her knees, looking unsteady, like she might faint.\
The doctor\'92s assistant, the pale blonde boy, cried out in alarm. Only the doctor seemed to keep his wits.\
\'93Get a bandage, boy,\'94 he instructed, \'93Stop the bleeding.\'94\
Jonathan watched the scene impassively. He knew this girl would probably die, and he knew that it was his fault. He should feel guilty. But he had meat in his mouth, and it was warm and sweet.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 Day One\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter One\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93It is needless to say that women make the most patient as well as the most dangerous pickpockets.\'94\
\
- Harry Houdini\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 Lord Henry Connor\'92s annual masquerade was reputed to be the grandest ball in all of London. The extravagance of the event could not possibly have been overstated, nor the number of attendants exaggerated.
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The families who attended were notable and prominent in London politics and business, science and commerce. Aristocrats, foreign dignitaries, ministers, and scientists. The well-to-do. The sort of ladies whose choices of garments would make the morning Post. The sort of men who earned more in an hour than most men earn in a year and for whom the idea of hard labor is as terrifying as the bubonic plague.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The receipt of an invitation to the masquerade was widely considered to be a compliment of the highest regard. Young ladies would wait with increasing suspense to see that cream-colored envelope enclosed with Connor\'92s seal, and failing to receive one, would be understandably brought to the brink of despair.
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CCC65B62-AAEE-4CB2-9A1C-34DD36908DD3"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 As Jonathan Grimmer stepped down onto solid ground, heads turned}}
\f0\fs24 . It was one thing to arrive in an upscale carriage -like so many of the other guests- or to show up dressed in the finest silks money could buy. It was another thing entirely to arrive by airship. Even among the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1F5A017C-254C-4CB1-A590-98EB08C2FFFD"}}{\fldrslt ton}}, the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  drew attention. If Prince Albert himself had arrived at the party {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E1C13661-F468-4F85-809F-E5831A836365"}}{\fldrslt in a velocipede}}, he still would not have made such an impressive entrance. Which was precisely what Jonathan wanted. 
\b \cb2 If he was to gain an audience with Lord Connor, he needed to get the man\'92s attention
\b0 \cb1 . He {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://63115E12-F990-457D-9AA5-1929516B6402"}}{\fldrslt removed his hat and with a sweeping hand, gestured his thanks to the captain above}}.
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Thank you, Captain Merrick,\'94 he said, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://622A6B4F-2A30-4DFB-AE33-D8F2A4D75769"}}{\fldrslt loud as he could manage. He knew he was being obnoxious}}, but it wouldn't be the first time Jonathan had made a scene at a party.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 He returned his hat to his head and joined the lineup, while those who had been staring at him the whole time turned away and resumed their conversations as if to give the impression that they\'92d hardly noticed him. He \ul flashed a cocky grin at the woman in front of him\ulnone , while she hastily drew out a fan in order to give the impression that her attention had been fixed on the unseasonable warmth of the weather this evening and not on him. She blushed.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Mr. Grimmer, I presume?\'94 she said, indicating the company name emblazoned on the airship beneath the ship\'92s own name. 
\i Grimmer and Sons Publishing Inc.
\f1\i0\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://944BB2FD-2C2F-42D3-92F5-A54B45B7A087"}}{\fldrslt Mr. Grimmer was my father}},\'94 Jonathan told her, trying not to let it show that she\'92d just thrust a dagger in his heart. She couldn\'92t have known that the mere mention of his family name was painful. Mr. Grimmer had died recently\'97a tragic hunting accident. It had been less than a week since Jonathan heard the news.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The young lady gave him a smile.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93It must be a family business, then?\'94 she asked. She curtseyed, and added, \'93I\'92m \cb3 Camille Karnstein\cb1 , by the way.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Charmed,\'94 said Jonathan, flashing a smile. Miss Karnstein\'92s fan fluttered in response. \'93And yes, you\'92re quite right. Family business, although the name is a bit misleading. My father insisted on calling it 
\i Grimmer and Sons
\i0 , although I\'92m an only child.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Miss Karnstein\'92s male companion turned around to join the conversation, a look of impatience on his face. The man {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C14482FD-E33B-4193-B65F-3237DC6215EF"}}{\fldrslt wore}} arched eyebrows and had an aquiline nose. He {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FA2C00D4-9CA8-4E7A-8CA9-27CD3D8C356A"}}{\fldrslt wore}} a sneer on his lip.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://296A21A5-F8DF-4409-8B0B-E80671FA85BB"}}{\fldrslt Solomon Grundy}},\'94 he said, tipping his hat and offering a forced smile. He placed his hand on Miss Karnstein\'92s arm, puffing out his chest.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Jonathan snorted. \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://025DC5E1-DB28-4634-A10F-EB40480809C2"}}{\fldrslt An unfortunate name}},\'94 he said impulsively, then instantly regretted it as Grundy\'92s eyebrows narrowed impossibly further.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 As they spoke, a young gentleman bumped into Jonathan. The man asked their pardon as he barged his way through the line. They parted, letting him by, none of them quite sure how else to proceed.}