{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 He was sure the invitation had been in his pocket. Anxiously, he checked his other pockets for the note from his father. He was relieved to find that it was still there.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Not to worry,\'94 said Grundy, flashing his own invitation. \'93Mr. Grimmer is with us.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The butler sniffed. \'93Very well, Mr. Grundy. If you can vouch for Mr. Grimmer. Now, let me see here\'85\'94 he trailed off as he checked his list. \'93There we are. Grimmer, Jonathan. But it says here that you\'92re already inside.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Well, as you can see, he clearly isn\'92t. A simple clerical error,\'94 Grundy pronounced. Then, taking Miss Karnstein\'92s arm, he marched inside. \'93Come on then, Jonathan.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Bewildered, Jonathan nonetheless followed them inside. Grundy wore a superior expression on his face, enjoying that he\'92d gotten Jonathan in without an invitation, if only so he could gloat about it. Ignoring him, Jonathan slipped his mask on and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C240A302-BCE7-436C-A364-9B3D5FCC2F75"}}{\fldrslt Miss Karnstein }}did the same. As he took in the crowded ballroom, he reminded them to keep a look out for their host.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Of course,\'94 said Grundy, slipping on his own mask. His was black, leather, and in the shape of a bird. A plague doctor's mask. Jonathan stared at it for a few seconds, then returned his attention to the other, numerous masked faces in the ballroom.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Saying a quick thank you for getting him in without his invitation, he turned to take his leave.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 Miss Karnstein called, stopping him. \'93The waltz is about to start, and I\'92m in need of a partner.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93What of Mr. Grundy?\'94 said Jonathan.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5F6D1812-B450-480D-BE2E-CAB1D4E0E833"}}{\fldrslt Kind of you to think of me, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 said the man in question. \'93But Miss Karnstein will surely save the last dance for me. This one\'92s all yours.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93I thank you for it,\'94 said Jonathan. Then, taking Camille by the hand, he led her to the dance floor. At least, this should give him the opportunity to look for Connor without drawing attention. \'93Any sign of Lord Connor?\'94 he asked Camille.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93I\'92ll let you know if I see him,\'94 she replied as the dance began.}}
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 True to her word, Camille kept her eyes peeled as they circled the revolving ballroom, scanning for their host, who was nowhere to be seen. She informed Jonathan, as they danced, to expect Connor to be wearing a stag mask. Apparently these sorts of details were printed in lady\'92s magazines, and evidently Camille was current in her knowledge of social affairs. She\'92d have to be, to be invited to Lord Connor\'92s at all. Still, they\'92d seen no one in a stag mask, and both Camille and Jonathan were disappointed by his absence.
\f1\fs20 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://49F6A8D8-6C97-464B-A0A4-57B37E519EA6"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 As the dance ended, they showed their appreciation for the musicians by joining in the applause, which all but drowned out the sound of a muffled gunshot from upstairs. }}
\f0\fs24 It was a sound that Jonathan had heard before; his father had been a hunter. His eyes darted upwards, but when he returned his attention to Camille, it seemed that he was alone in having heard it.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93What is it?\'94 she asked, having noticed that Jonathan\'92s attention had wandered.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Did you hear that?\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Hear what?\'94 she replied.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Jonathan shook his head, second-guessing himself. Perhaps it was just the clang of clockwork, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://26D2E95D-C0C5-4F03-B236-0D826203925B"}}{\fldrslt cog in the machine that rotated the ballroom}}.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Never mind,\'94 he said. \'93What room do you suppose that would be?\'94 he added, pointing up in the direction the gunshot seemed to have come from.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Miss Karnstein paused to think for a moment.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Lord Connor\'92s study, I believe,\'94 she replied, \'93Why? What is it that you heard?\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Thank you, Miss Karnstein,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Be sure to give my regards to Mr. Grundy.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Any other night, Jonathan would have been happy to remain in Miss Karnstein\'92s company. He might have made a contest of it, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://91C7F582-81F8-42FA-9098-DFAC3B0A0F8A"}}{\fldrslt to}} see if he could steal her right from under Grundy\'92s nose. Tonight, he had other things on his mind. He made a beeline for the stairway, which he was relieved to see was crowded with other guests. It seemed there was a balcony upstairs, which was populated by gentlemen who had the good grace to take their cigarettes outside.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 He wasn\'92t certain it was gunfire that he\'92d heard. Maybe it was nothing at all. Even so, a visit to Connor\'92s study was in order. If there was no one there, perhaps he would root around and find some further evidence of Connor\'92s association with the Resurrectionists.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 As he reached the top of the staircase, he turned away from the doors that led outside to the balcony and headed instead for the gate that seemed to bar the way to Connor\'92s private quarters. He was relieved to find that it was unlocked.}