{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Without a suitable location to dock the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , Jonathan had been forced to disembark via rope ladder, while the ship remained floating above. With a sense of vertigo made worse by a head dizzied by absinthe, he\'92d climbed down to the ground below. He\'92d signaled to the ship, then made his way on foot.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Distance, time, and drink had already managed to calm Jonathan\'92s nerves, and although he\'92d had a gun pointed at his head and jumped out the window to escape a gang of masked men, he was beginning to feel that he\'92d overreacted. In a city as big as London, it was unlikely the Resurrectionists \'97other than Grundy\'97knew who he was. He had escaped. He might sleep with a pistol by his bedside for the next few days, but as far as he was concerned, he was in the clear. What he should havedo nowhave done was go home, and climb into his bed. Still, here he was.  was here now. It was not out of the ordinary for Jonathan to drop in on his friend, even unannounced.\
\'93Roderick, open up, it\'92s me!\'94 he called at the door.\
He heard Bailey yipping in excitement. The door swung open, revealing a familiar, friendly face. Roderick Steen wore a painter\'92s smock, and\'97,\'97s so far as Jonathan could tell\'97l, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://823774F4-51E9-436C-83B0-3F749185E834"}}{\fldrslt nothing else}}. A young, smooth-skinned man stood a few paces behind Roderick, looking mortified.\
\'93Jonathan!\'94 Roderick exclaimed happily, greeting him with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Bailey upped the ante by whining with excitement and dancing in circles.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 Jonathan replied,,. \'93I\'92m sorry to come calling at this hour, and without sending a card.\'94\
Roderick dismissed the apology with a wave of his hand. \'93Nonsense!\'94 he said. \'93What use are such formalities among old friends? Come in, make yourself at home. R\'e9my here was just leaving.\'94\
\'93I was?\'94 asked the French model, but with a withering look from Roderick, he picked up the remainder of his things, gave Jonathan a look of furious jealousy, and stormed past him.\
Roderick put a hand firmly, but gently, on R\'e9my\'92s wrist, halting his progress at the door. With a whisper, he promised that they\'92d pick up where they left off soon enough. \'93And I\'92m not speaking entirely of the painting,\'94 he said with a wink.\
R\'e9my went beet red at that, but he smiled and allowed Roderick to plant a kiss on his cheek. He swept past Jonathan, apparently now satisfied that Jonathan he did not represent competition.\
When he was gone, Roderick gave a weary smile and said, \'93Sorry about that.\'94\
Roderick turned on his heel and swept into his living room, giving Jonathan a glimpse of his posterior. Jonathan made no comment; they\'92d been friends long enough that Jonathan wasn\'92t exactly shocked by the view. He watched as Roderick lifted a small wooden box from his bookshelf, and offered him a sampling of its contents.\
\'93Is that snuff?\'94 he askedaskedwondered.\
\'93Cocaine,\'94 Roderick explained with a roguish grin, and put a bit up his nose by way of demonstration. He inhaled sharply and let out a whoop of exhilaration. \'93Sigmund Freud swears by it, you know. Calls it a 
\i magical substance
\i0 . And indeed it is! Wonderful. No side effects, and not at all addictive\'97though I can\'92t seem to give it up,\'94 he added with a laugh. \'93Are you familiar with Freud, by the way?\'94\
Jonathan indicated that he wasn\'92t, and declined the offer of the magical substance with a shake of his head. Roderick set the box back on the shelf. He took a seat on the divan, while Jonathan settled into the settee.\
Roderick\'92s tastes inclined towards the excessive, the decadent, and the ridiculous. His furniture was ornate, decorated in brightly colored floral prints, not to mention an excess of tassels. His walls were papered in a yellow and red striped pattern. An enormous chandelier hung from the ceiling, spilling candlelight across the wide expanse of Roderick\'92s his sitting room. Furs were draped over the furniture. Roderick was a loud proponent of the aesthetic movement. Though Jonathan was well acquainted with this fact, he still managed to be overwhelmed by Roderick\'92s decor and boisterous manner whenever he called on his friend.\
\'93Sarah Bernhardt uses it as well, which\'97truth be told\'97was my real reason for giving it a go. Do you know Sarah Bernhardt?\'94 Roderick continued, speaking rapidly. \'93Fabulous woman, you simply 
\i must 
\i0 meet her. I\'92ll introduce you, but you must first promise me you won\'92t fall in love with her. Most men do, it seems, and I\'92m afraid she\'92d be a bad influence on you. Given your own {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://48923BD6-D01C-4FEB-A270-8EC8793375A4"}}{\fldrslt reputation}}, that is saying something.
\i \'94\

\i0 \'93Very well then,\'94 Jonathan replied, winking. \'93I promise.\'94\
\'93Somehow I don\'92t believe you,\'94 Roderick said. \'93But listen to me ramble. You\'92ve just returned from Prague, haven\'92t you? I was so sorry to hear about your father.\'94\
\'93Thanks, Roderick,\'94 he said. He sighed. He should have called upon Roderick sooner.\
Roderick crossed one leg over the other and , patted the empty space on the divan, inviting Bailey to leap up beside him. He scratched his dog\'92s head and studied Jonathan\'92s face. He quieted, and said, suddenly grave.                    \
\'93Something tells me this isn\'92t a social call.\'94\
Jonathan started. \'93What do you mean? Of course it is.\'94\
Roderick scoffed. \'93You\'92re a terrible liar, Johnny, old boy. Now, tell me, what has happened.\'94.?\'94\
Jonathan sighed. It was one of the problems with associating with a man as perceptive as Roderick. Nothing slipped past him.\
\'93Must I?\'94 he protested. \'93There\'92s a new opera playing this evening. I believe it\'92s still early enough to catch the late showing if we leave now. Or perhaps a night of gambling at my club?\'94\
Roderick had brightened at the mention of the opera, but he shook his head.\
\'93I\'92m afraid my interest in gossip outweighs my inclination to attend the opera. I must insist.\'94.\'97\'94\
\'93Alright, alright,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93But it\'92s really nothing worth fretting over.\'94\
Roderick listened intently as Jonathan summarized the events of the evening as best he could. He began with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://460D8DAF-2F7A-415A-B1E0-040ECDDBB515"}}{\fldrslt pair of letter}}s that Jonathan he believed tied Connor to the Resurrectionists, and ended with his narrow escape through the window. Roderick, for his part, listened attentively, his meticulously plucked eyebrows furrowed with concern as Jonathan explained.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://99C664CB-3A0F-463C-9DE7-7A5E95989DCF"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \cb2 Roderick, Jonathan knew, had often been called in to advise the police on particularly difficult cases. }}\cb2 This arrangement had begun with the theft of an obscure piece of art, Roderick being generally considered an art expert, and had continued when the police had discovered that Roderick\'92s expertise was not in any way constrained to the art world. Roderick was a true polymath. He had made a study of a broad number of subjects, his interests changing temperamentally. He had a practically eidetic memory.\
A few years ago, a series of gruesome murders made headlines, and the police had called on Roderick to help them find the culprit responsible. Roderick had been unable to catch the killer, but he had been useful, at least, in narrowing down the list of subjects. The killer, he had told the police all those years ago, was most likely a member of the scientific society known as the Resurrectionists.\
Before these murders, there had been a number of rumors going around about a few prominent scientists; none of these rumors were ever proven, and after it came to light that a Resurrectionist was to blame for the murders, they went underground, abandoning the gentleman\'92s club that once served as their base of operations. As Roderick had once told Jonathan, this only served to confirm their {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8C420294-C443-47BC-B59C-F82E67336699"}}{\fldrslt guilt}}.\cb1 \
After relating his story to Roderick, Jonathan watched his friend\'92s face for a reaction. They sat in silence for a matter of minutes, while Roderick\'92s face ran through a variety of expressions ranging from worried, to thoughtful, to downright frightened.\
\'93So,\'94 Roderick said at last. His tone was neutral. Jonathan was unaccustomed to such gravity in his friend\'92s voice. Frankly, it worried him. \'93The Resurrectionists most likely believe that you are responsible for Lord Connor\'92s death.\'94\
\'93That seems likely,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93Of course, they might not even know who I am. I was masked, after all.\'94\
\'93Jonathan, the Resurrectionists are not to be underestimated. They will come after you, kill you if they can, discredit you if they can\'92t. We can\'92t be certain they didn\'92t recognize you; we can only assume they 
\i do
\i0  know who you are.\'94\
Jonathan frowned. \'93In a city as big as London? You flatter me; I\'92m not {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2D02118A-9AAF-43D3-A0D7-E6CD74C33CD9"}}{\fldrslt that famous}}.\'94\
\'93Jonathan, you fly around in an airship with your family\'92s name on it,\'94 said Roderick. \'93And what about Grundy? He saw you with your mask off. You introduced yourself by name.\'94\
Jonathan shrugged. \'93Well, yes, there is that. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A6307E2E-9012-4E1A-97FA-CF59357E87C7"}}{\fldrslt So we track down Grundy, make sure he didn\'92t tell the other Resurrectionists about me.}}\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://16582B4D-BDBC-410B-B3E6-D0FA55A91DFB"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 Roderick said nothing. He had that look on his face that he often got when he was lost in thought. Jonathan knew that look all too well. A minute passed in silence as Roderick continued to stare blankly. Suddenly, he sat up}}.\
\'93Not just Grundy,\'94 he said. \'93We need to learn the names of each of the Resurrectionists, and turn them in to the police.\'94\
Jonathan let out a guffaw. \'93Oh, is that all?\'94 he said, and sighed. \'93Thanks, Roderick, you do know how to cheer me up. So, there isn\'92t any hope for me, then? I\'92m a dead man walking?\'94\
\'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://25DE51C8-3892-4C76-8ABF-AADCD8ADAD13"}}{\fldrslt I\'92m I am perfectly 
\i serious}},\'94 said Roderick, and if Jonathan didn\'92t know him better, he\'92d have believed it. \'93I know, I know. But this isn\'92t the sort of thing one takes lightly. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://69DD0539-FE4F-4B19-9A22-67610F93EB41"}}{\fldrslt We are going to unmask the Resurrectionists, once and for all. Each and every last one of them.}}\'94\
Jonathan gave Roderick a doubtful look as if to say, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FBA64B69-97A5-4BEC-994E-87C9215B5F74"}}{\fldrslt 
\i you\'92re high}}, and to be fair, he 
\i was{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F4705BEC-67C4-43F9-B5F0-32BF95DB2605"}}{\fldrslt 
\i0 . But Roderick returned the expression with a critical expression of his own, all arched eyebrows and neck angled so as to ensure he was looking down his nose at Jonathan}}
\i0 .\
\'93What else are you going to do?\'94 Roderick demanded. \'93Sit back and wait for them to come after you?\'94\
Jonathan let out a sigh. Sometimes it was easier just to humor Roderick when he was like this. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://402559BA-624C-47D2-A6E8-943F5FE8ACF6"}}{\fldrslt \cb2 He should have known Roderick would be dramatic about this whole nasty business. Eventually, Roderick would lose interest and turn to some other pursuit. In the meantime, Jonathan could learn what he could about the Resurrectionists, not because he felt they were after him, but because he still wanted to write his article\cb1 .}}\
\'93Fine,\'94 he said. \'93Where do we start?\'94\
\'93Ah!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, startling Bailey out of his seat. The terrier began barking excitedly, pursuing his own tail as if it was the source of all the commotion. \'93Ah! Now there\'92s a good question. 
\i Where do we start?
\i0 \'94 he{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B1859A15-9D4B-427B-87F8-0378B999E849"}}{\fldrslt  After a moment, then saidhe paused, rubbing his chin}}. \'93I suppose you\'92ll have to consult an expert.\'94\
\'93But 
\i you\'92re
\i0  an expert,\'94 Jonathan countered, as Roderick left his seat again and disappeared into the adjacent room. \'93You\'92re 
\i the
\i0  expert.\'94\
\'93Not really. When I consulted for Scotland Yard on the Resurrectionist murders, I conferred withwithsulted an expert of my own. A fellow eccentric with an exceedingly keen interest in murder. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F1B83006-39D3-44EC-A078-E60124450D39"}}{\fldrslt Parson Sinews}},\'94 Roderick explained, calling to Jonathan, who remained in the sitting room.\
\'93Sinews is a collector. He keeps broadsides and other memorabilia from famous crime scenes, and visits the sites of all the worst murders. When he can, he arranges to meet with the villains themselves, before they\'92re sent to the gallows. The more gruesome the murder, the keener his interest. He is said to own a ledger, made from the 
\i skin
\i0  of William Burke. How\'92s that for ironic? He has a length of the gallows rope used to hang Mary Ann Cotton. Supposedly he has an 
\i original
\i0  Ripper letter in his possession.\'94\
\'93And you want me to 
\i meet
\i0  with this this, this, murder 
\i enthusiast
\i0 ?\'94 Jonathan called.\
\'93Yes, well, he knows more about the Resurrectionists than anyone else in London, myself included. If we hope to mount a war against them, we\'92ll need Mr. Sinews\'92 assistance, I\'92m afraid.\'94\
With that, Roderick returned to the sitting room, dressed now, as if he was going out. He wore a brightly colored blue ascot, an ivory frock coat with blue buttons and embroidered with silver thread, and a pair of blue kid gloves.\
Jonathan got up.\
\'93We\'92re not going 
\i now
\i0 , are we? Surely we\'92ll wait till morning?\'94\
\'93
\i You\'92re
\i0  going now,\'94 Roderick told him, selecting a top hat from a rack containing numerous options; the one in question was made of dark plum felt, with a blue ribbon. He placed it on his head and checked his reflection in the looking glass. He nodded his approval, snatched up an umbrella from its rack, and added, \'93Mr. Sinews keeps strictly to night hours. If you wait till morning, he\'92ll be in bed.\'94\
\'93And I\'92m to call on him unannounced?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93I\'92ll write you an{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B14814ED-8093-4C24-B20C-E56351C1B7EE"}}{\fldrslt a cardan introduction}},\'94 said Roderick. \'93He\'92ll be more than happy to receive you, I\'92m sure. You have a gun, by the way?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyebrows went up.\
\'93My father has a gun collection on the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 , remember?\'94 he said, alarmed by the question. \'93Should I expect to need one?\'94\
\'93No, of course not,\'94 Roderick said, laughing off the question, \'93But you might want to take one, just in case.\'94\
When Jonathan assured him that he would, Roderick relaxed. He armed himself with a revolver and headed for the door.\
Roderick paused to write up the a brief introductioncalling cardintroduction on the back of his card; he had stationary on the credenza by the door. He pressed the card into Jonathan\'92s hand.\
\'93I\'92ve introduced you as Mr. O,\'94 he saidOby your pseudonym,\'94 he said., meaning that he\'92d written 
\i Mr. O
\i0  on the card.\
\'93Wait, where are 
\i you
\i0  headed? You\'92re not coming with me?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93I had planned to attend Lord Connor\'92s masquerade ball, you know, but time got the best of me. It often does, you know? Still, better late than never, as they say. I\'92m sure my friend the detective will be there by now{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2A9F9608-4CC9-484A-99C4-28BBAEDEC1BC"}}{\fldrslt . I\'92ll do my best to make sure 
\i your 
\i0 name doesn\'92t come up in conversation. }}One more thing\'85\'94 Roderick added.\
\'93Yes?\'94 Jonathan prompted.\
\'93This Mr. Monday you mentioned. Where does he fit in?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know yet,\'94 Jonathan admitted, \'93I\'92m not even sure he 
\i does
\i0 . He didn\'92t seem to know of Connor\'92s connection to the Resurrectionists. He might have just been in the wrong place at the wrong time. Whatever the case, if the Resurrectionists were to learn that he was there when Connor died, they will likely come after him as well.\'94\
\'93Then Monday may be a useful ally,\'94 Roderick suggested.\
\'93I don\'92t think so,\'94 Jonathan told him. \'93Monday is dangerous. Unpredictable{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://13A61AB3-9B3F-41CB-A175-544A5A0EFF0B"}}{\fldrslt . And honestly, a bit frightening}}.\'94\
Roderick grinned. \'93Tell me more. I think I might 
\i like
\i0  him.\'94\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Seven\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93There can be no question that that of the professional thief is a bitterly severe and laborious occupation, beset with privations that moral people have no conception of, and involves an amount of mental anxiety and torment that few human beings can withstand through a long lifetime.\'94\
\
- James Greenwood, 
\i The Seven Curses of London
\i0 \
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Annabel stumbled onto the street, gasping for air. She didn\'92t know if she\'92d inhaled whatever vapors had been released into the air, but she might have. She had a strange taste in her mouth and the smell of death still lingered. She felt disoriented. She heard a rumbling sound from above and looked up to see Mr. O\'92s airship pulling away from the window. She felt a breath of relief to know that he\'92d made it out.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 She took a moment to catch her breath while she gazed up at the airship. . \cb2 If she\'92d been anyone else,\cb1  she would not have been able to make out the details from here. The Most people couldn\'92t read the name printed on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8CB3BAA9-5F44-4004-A094-3837EBC1487F"}}{\fldrslt airship\'92s blimp}} from this distance. name printed on the airship\'92s blimp, for instance. Most people couldn\'92t have read it from this distance\cb2 . But Annabel wasn\'92t just  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://9688751B-5229-4B09-AFE8-26C7C4E933A8"}}{\fldrslt anyone}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1FFBA1BF-3A22-461F-ABB1-3DB4D29AB38B"}}{\fldrslt \cb1 ; the concealed poison dart was not the only advantage of her mechanical eye.}}\cb1  From the angle she\'92d seen the airship at fFrom inside the house, she hadn\'92t been able to see it, but from here, she could just make out the lettering 
\i Grimmer and Sons Publishing Inc
\i0 . 
\i .
\i0  on the side of the blimp. She wondered what Mr. O\'92s connection to the Grimmers might be. He might be an employee, a journalist, or perhaps an editor. It was even possible that he was Jonathan Grimmer. Was he the same man whose invitation she\'92d swiped on the way in to the masquerade? She couldn\'92t be certain. Either way, she now had a trail leading back to him.\
She glanced back at the house. Through the open front door, she could see men and women writhing on the floor, succumbing to fits, drool escaping their lips. Amid the chaos, the crow-faced men wandered the crowd, unaffected by the deadly gas.\
She swore. She\'92d been in dangerous spots before, but very few like this. She\'92d barely gotten out of there {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://52AF25E3-F50A-4F93-A75D-2BC212A61671"}}{\fldrslt alive}}. Annabel knew her work was dangerous.  Her associates were criminals, and if she was being honest, she was one herself. She knew the dangers. She knew the risks. The truth was, it was danger she enjoyed most about her work. Her associates were criminals, and if she was being honest, she was one herself.  But suddenly it had ceased being fun. Suddenly it was real. It was visceral. The most frustrating thing was {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E06C571C-089F-40FE-88B7-BF4D3360FEB1"}}{\fldrslt how helpless she felt just now}}. She hadn\'92t felt that in a long time. Not since the day her eye was plucked out.\
She wanted to go back in there, stab each and every one of those bastards in the guts for this. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://57EF8B86-F18D-45FF-8F79-CF7C2C0E139C"}}{\fldrslt But she couldn\'92t even breathe the air inside the mansion, and. And she was outnumbered, and outgunnedthey were better armedoutgunned}}. All she could do was watch in horror as wealthy gentlemen and high society ladies collapsed, coughing and hacking until their lungs gave in and their faces turned purple. She{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://53E6363B-FD96-4744-97BA-52F79F74DBBD"}}{\fldrslt S Really, she ought to do as they said and just walk away,  leave this place. Or at least Well, she ought to summon a policeman; but really, , really, but what good could the police do now? }}The poison was spreading throughout the house, and the police would be ill equipped to deal with it. Besides, Annabel couldn\'92t recall a time when she\'92d ever done what she ought to do.\
She distanced herself from the entrance of the house, circling around to the west wing, where she could see inside through one of the house\'92s grand windows. She could still hear screaming from inside the mansion, as the Resurrectionists paced around the halls, spreading fumes{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EAA0860B-BDD6-4B90-B1F8-81F48F9B9041"}}{\fldrslt . She could see a drifting haze through the curtains, the fog was so thick.}} She wondered if anyone else had {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://51B2037C-702E-4B36-B9B3-DF09BAC70336"}}{\fldrslt escaped.}}\
She wondered if anyone else had escaped. She couldn\'92t imagine why they the Resurrectionists were {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CB0CD55E-0861-49B1-AA08-B06EB57B9BEA"}}{\fldrslt doing this}}. Why had they felt it necessary to rob her, when they could have just 
\i bought
\i0  the stolen goods from her once she\'92d safely infiltrated Connor\'92s safe and gotten away? The first crow-masked man she\'92d encountered had even {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BC19357E-182D-45ED-A6A8-F2E5B9395F40"}}{\fldrslt \cb3 said he would still pay her}}\cb3 !\cb1  And why the toxic gas? Were they merely covering their tracks, eliminating witnesses? She wondered if it waseven had anything to dowas related to with the package she\'92d taken from Connor, or coincidental. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://76525443-E491-448D-A48F-FDF0DFDBFFBB"}}{\fldrslt \cb4 As for that, the package was still safely stashed away in her hidden pocket, but this was only a small comfort}}\cb4 .\cb1  She felt sick, for whatever part she\'92d played in this. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3EA46524-3708-4B0A-A2C2-EE6616EC2FE6"}}{\fldrslt If If she\'92d known, if she\'92d only known who her buyers were, and what the lengths they would go to to get procure their merchandise, she\'85\
Sshe never would have agreed to sell to them.}} \
The question still remained, what now? Her lungs burned, and she strained just to breathe, even now with fresh air all around her. Had she breathed in those toxic fumes? She couldn\'92t be certain. But her head ached. It was hard to think{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F09A5F1C-C61E-44D4-B7E4-CB6A6C72698F"}}{\fldrslt ; to. Tto go to the police and summon help, or to linger here, watching through the windows in the hopes that she might get some chance to sate her thirst for bloody vengeance.}} The longer she waited, the more evident it became that she\'92d already made up her mind.\
She continued to circle around the mansion, until she found herself amongst tall {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://300B389E-F4A0-4804-A9E2-10FE90C11E93"}}{\fldrslt rhododendrons, lilies and hibiscus. Rose bushes and ferns}}. A tall statue, a fountain. It was too dark to make out the details, but the flickering lights from nearby windows cast shadows across a stone walkway that led through the lush rear garden behind Connor\'92s enormous house.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1FFC0720-39EF-45E1-BADF-FFA7C340F01F"}}{\fldrslt The screams from within the house began to subside}}, and the night grew disturbingly quiet. Those who might have escaped had already done so;;, by now the or failed to do so. Tthe rest had already succumbed to the poisoned air and either lost consciousness, or died. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1F39E1C5-DD99-4EE2-9D9D-6BA947A990B4"}}{\fldrslt Annabel was not sure of any other of its the poison\'92s effects, but wasthe onlywas comforted that she had was that she had not inhaled enough gas to be so afflicted as those inside.}}\
She wondered how many had gotten out, and was surprised to realize that she was grateful that Mr. O was among their numbers. HeHWell, he was handsome, after all, and he\'92d proven useful, so that might accountt have accounted for the  sentiment. He was a witness, though; it would behave beenbe more prudent to wish him dead, but she just couldn\'92t bring herself to wish for that. For the second time that night, she wished she could be just a bit more ruthless.\
As she creptcontinued creepingcrept forward, keeping close to the walls of the house, she {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://9A423246-081D-464D-B23B-A0BC24A9F212"}}{\fldrslt wondered}} if anyone had gone to the police, if not a survivor of the poison gas then perhaps a neighbor, having heard the screams. She didn\'92t want to be here when the police arrived. But she did want to see what was going on inside, and \cb4 she couldn\'92t see the ballroom from the windows on this side of the hous\cb1 e. There was the balcony nearby. She would get a clear view inside if she could climb up there somehow, if she could find a ladder or just a foothold in the brickwork of the house.\
Before she had a chance to search for one, a loud crash came from nearby. Glass shattered, and with an inhuman roar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FFE17BCF-9869-468C-B303-1A64B2640F0A"}}{\fldrslt something tumbled out of the house}}. A blur of shadow, it landed hard, on the ground below. It stopped moving. Heart pounding, she knew she ought to run now. Every instinct, every nerve in her body was telling her to 
\i run, just run! 
\i0 Instead she, ignoringshe ignored her racing heartbeat and, Annabel crept through the garden towards it, looking intermittently between the dark shape on the ground and the shattered glass of the window above. \
\'93That was quick,\'94 said a muffled voice. The sound originated from the broken window.\
\'93Incubation period varies,\'94 said another voice from above. She spotted the first now, sticking his head between the broken glass and looking down. She kept low to the ground, out of sight in the thick shadows of the garden. \'93Some turn almost instantly. Others take minutes, hours even. Nobody\'92s really sure why.\'94\
Annabel looked back at the shape on the ground. It was moving again, getting up. She could see broken limbs now that she was closer. It was a man. A gentleman, perhaps, but there was nothing gentle about him now. His clothes were in tatters, his hat missing from his head. And though his bones were broken, his form twisted so unnaturally he {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F0378557-7E07-4CED-8DA0-ABF68B09575B"}}{\fldrslt hardly }}looked human, he didn\'92t seem to noticehardly seemed to have noticed the state he was in. He lookedwas lookinglooked at Annabel, sniffing at the air and, andd staring at her with hunger in his eyes. The same way Lord Connor had looked at her. She {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://61F7A2D2-FF6E-4A4F-9F4C-91A6E7A333BF"}}{\fldrslt \cb4 reached}}\cb4  for her gun, ready to shoot\cb1  if he came at her. But she kept still and watched, knowing she would give away her position if she fired. She tried to quiet her breathing, and kept statue-still.\
Suddenly, the man charged.started chargingcharged. She \cb4 whipped out her revolver\cb1 , but before she could even get her fingerfingerhand on the trigger, a gunshot rang out. The man fell to the ground, a hole punched straight through his head.\
\'93Nice shot,\'94 said a muffled voice from the window.\
Annabel whipped around. She looked up at the window. The men in the plague doctor masks stillseemed not to have seen her yetstill had not seen her. They were looking out the window, but their focus was on the man they\'92d just shot. They were probably making sure he wasn\'92t going to get up again. So Annabel took her time, aimed, and pulled the trigger. She hit the first of them. He dropped, right through the window he was leaning out of, and landed in the rose bushes below.\
The second man yelped in surprise and drew his own weapon. Annabel didn\'92t hesitate to put a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A8597D83-CE13-44D4-A448-C0A820DDBBE9"}}{\fldrslt bullet in his neck}}. She holstered her revolver and crossed the walkway to the rose bushes where the first of them had fallen. He was groaning;;, so that was good. She wanted him alive. But he was reaching for something, a gun maybe.\
She stepped closer, seized his hand before he reached it, and looked into his eyes.\
\'93Who do you work for?\'94 she asked. Her tone was calm, and her face was impassive. InsideEven if iInside she was shaking,, but she gave no outward signs that she was frightened. It was time to be ruthless.\
He shook his head and coughed. Annabel frowned at him. Well, there were ways of making people talk, weren\'92t there? His vest was wet with blood, a hole ripped through it where she\'92d hit him. She reached out and with a gloved hand, thrust her fingers into his wound. He screamed, but she didn\'92t let up. She justjJust kept her fingers digging her fingers into his chest until sweat dripped down his brow. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://034A5FD2-6008-40A9-87C4-797E7FDEF1AD"}}{\fldrslt It was a bit disturbing, feeling her fingers inside his wound, but what disturbed her most was that on some level, she felt deep satisfaction. 
\i How\'92s this for ruthless, 
\i0 she thought}}.\
He muttered something.\
She withdrew her hand, peeled the straps off his mask, and revealed his face. She was surprised to see how young he was. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AF1B2DB3-1C08-48E5-A658-AA5DC79CE0DE"}}{\fldrslt And how handsome}}. For a moment, she felt a horrible sense of guilt. He was about to die, and she was literally torturing
\i  
\i0 him. Then she remembered who he was, and thought of the piles of corpses that even now lined the halls. She remembered who he was. She leaned in close to his face so she could hear what he had to say.\
\'93Resurrectionists,\'94 he coughed.\
She narrowed her eyes. She knew a thing or two about the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D63D8AAB-F584-440E-B6DE-58E4DD068390"}}{\fldrslt Resurrectionists}}. She knew he wasn\'92t just talking about body snatchers, either.\
\'93What was in the vial?\'94 she demanded. \'93Some sort of poison?\'94\
For a moment, it looked like he might not answer. Stubborn, even now, as he lay dying on the rose bush. But then, he coughed up a bit of blood, and looked up into Annabel\'92s eyes. He was almost smiling when he answered, . \'93
\i Lazarus
\i0 .\'94.\'94,\'94 he said, coughing.\
\'93What is Lazarus?\'94\
\'93Virus,\'94 he said.\
Annabel nodded. This filled in one piece of the puzzle. The man who\'92d tumbled out of the window after inhaling this 
\i Lazarus
\i0  virusvVirus, had been afflicted with the same thing as Connor. And if the virus could be spread by poison gas, it was possible Connor had been infected deliberately. She thought of what Mr. O had said about Lord Connor; he had dangerous friends. Was it possible that Connor\'92s 
\i friends
\i0  were the ones who infected him?\
She stood up, fishingfishinged around in her pockets for another bullet. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7D2978DF-28B1-44A9-BA1B-9105F963286E"}}{\fldrslt Finding one, she reloaded her revolver, fired it, and walked away.}} She would lovehave lovedlove to linger and, to shoot every last one of these damned Resurrectionists one by one, butb. But the police would be coming soon\'97a, and she had only had so many bullets.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Eight\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93He raised his glass glimmering pallidly in the light\'97his words, his manner, fascinated me, and a curious thrill ran through my brains. There was something spectral in his expression too, as though the skeleton of the man had become suddenly visible beneath its fleshly covering\'97as though Death had for a moment peered through the veil of Life...\'94\
\
- Marie Corelli\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Jonathan had grown tired of traveling by airship and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A4188C06-1C8C-4910-B239-49608F154739"}}{\fldrslt had therefore given the ship\'92s captain and crew the rest of the night off. }}Captain Merrick had provided him with a flare gun, in case he needed to summon the ship after all.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 With the flare gun tucked safely in his belt, and one of his father\'92s guns on the opposite hip, Jonathan flagged down a passing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://691290B5-F4A5-4ADA-A2F2-D604C1793305"}}{\fldrslt fly carriage}}. He gave the driver the address Roderick had printed neatly on the calling card. While not as quick as the airship, a fly was at least quicker than a hansom, and unlike the airship it didn\'92t have the disadvantage of wearing at Jonathan\'92s nerves. He had enough to worry him already. He patted the pistol at his hip for courage. Roderick had assured him he wouldn\'92t need aahis gun;;, but on the other hand, he had been quite adamant that he take oneake one.\
So, it was with caution that Jonathan got out of the fly, casting an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://38E6C00A-0A28-4F9A-95F7-8D1BFF6D62AC"}}{\fldrslt auspicious }}eye on the old, gothic house belonging to Parson Sinews. According to his friend, Sinews was an expert on the Resurrectionists. This itself was enough to make Jonathan suspicious. Roderick was not quick to give out praise, especially when it came to intellect. For Roderick, an intelligent person might earn the description 
\i not entirely idiotic
\i0 , and in Roderick\'92s estimation, this would be high praise. In all the years he\'92d known Roderick Steen, not once had Jonathan heard him use the word 
\i expert
\i0  to describe someone other than himself. This fact, in consideration of the subject at which Mr. Sinews was an expert, was unsettling. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://86BFAD95-6916-4C75-B772-6D509CFB9BF7"}}{\fldrslt After all, Sinews was a collector of paraphernalia related to the most gruesome murders throughout history}}. Jonathan shivered as he turned to pay his driver. The man thanked him, but didn\'92t linger. The horse clopped along the cobblestone street until Jonathan stood alone on the sidewalk. London in this part of the city, at this time of night, was eerily silent.\
Not for the first time, Jonathan thought about simply going home and climbing into bed. He expected he would wake up the next morning, feeling like all of this had been a bad dream, and continuing on as if nothing had ever happened out of the ordinary. After all, it was unlikely the Resurrectionists were after
\i  him
\i0 . That
\i  
\i0 was probably just Roderick being dramatic, which was to say Roderick was being Roderick.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \cb2 Then again, if they did know who he was, he needed to know what he was up against. He needed to arm himself with information. Jonathan\'92s father had often reminded Jonathan that information was a weapon, and one to be wielded like a sword. In that regard, Jonathan was currently {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B8B9DC2E-2B07-4767-8805-E4B46AEADC53"}}{\fldrslt unarmed}}\cb1 .\
He walked up the steps to Mr. Sinews\'92 house. There was a brass knocker on the door in the shape of a serpent eating its own tail. An 
\i ouroborosouroboroouroboros
\i0 ; a 
\i s
\i0 . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://0FC88970-939F-4033-A78C-FDEB65BE6817"}}{\fldrslt A curious thing to have on one\'92s door, Jonathan thought.}} He used the brass serpent to knock firmly on the door. A minute passed, and Jonathan thought about turning around and heading back down the steps. It was not too late for him to abandon this fool\'92s crusade against the Resurrectionists. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5A2CD679-4CAF-4A7E-B979-BB7C6D72942D"}}{\fldrslt He decided to knock again, and without bothering to wait, headed, began heading back down the steps, when he heard someone coming}}.\
The door swung open, and a man stood in the doorway. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B4B20568-A2F8-433F-8B99-1CBA3D43FAC0"}}{\fldrslt \cb2 The first thing Jonathan noticed }}\cb2 about him\cb1  was his scars, which lined his face from forehead to chin, intersecting his dark skin with harsh lines of pink. The man\'92s thickly muscled neck was adorned with a necklace of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6D86D70F-51D4-48AC-8723-6F5A4D06A756"}}{\fldrslt brass-painted}} bone. His right eye was red as blood. The left was a vibrant ocher.\
Jonathan handed him Roderick\'92s card. After a moment, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://53507DDC-8858-40CE-969D-D12CC7A53AC3"}}{\fldrslt he}} stepped aside to admit Jonathan into the house.\
\'93Right this way, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said in a deep baritone. He had just the hint of an accent, Haitian if Jonathan \cb2 guessed\cb1  right.\
Following him inside, Jonathan \cb2 noticed\cb1  that in addition to being {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://19963C8C-A6E1-4E22-91F5-92BD34D00E34"}}{\fldrslt while the man was physically fearsome, the manmanhe was impeccably dressed,}} in a perfectly tailored suit and a well-tied cravat. \cb5 For a moment\cb1 , Jonathan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E06E7CCF-6A9D-449F-8D48-7A0B790737DB"}}{\fldrslt \cb2 wondered\cb1  }}if this man was Mr. Sinews. \cb5 After all\cb1 , Jonathan \cb2 considered\cb1  his own family; while they had no titles, the Grimmer family had earned a begrudging amount of respect from at least some members of the aristocracy due to their wealth and business status. \cb5 Even so\cb1 , the man who stood before him was far better dressed better than heeven Jonathanhe was. \cb5 But {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5E4CBAC5-B4F4-4808-BFE4-93F41E15DC73"}}{\fldrslt somehow}}\cb1 , ItJonathan was beginning to thinkIt occurred to Jonathan that this was Sinews\'92 
\i servant
\i0 , and perhaps Mr. Sinews\'92 wealth eclipsed even the Grimmer family\'92s fortune.\
Once Jonathan was inside, a quick glance around the foyer was enough to confirm this. While the house was in a gothic style, it was clearly a reproduction; the gothic manor was brand new. It was polished, clean, and expensively decorated with foreign imports. Egyptian statues, Persian carpets, and so on. Mr. Sinews\'92 tastes were both exotic and bold.\
The sound boomed and resonated throughout the house as the Haitian closed the door behind him.\
\'93If you\'92ll wait here, Mr. Grimmer, I\'92ll let Mr. Sinews know you\'92re here.\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C4082AC8-A06D-4ECF-8FB6-D09CD79050AF"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 As the doorman disappeared down the hallway}}, Jonathan looked around the entryway. It was rude of him to snoop, but his upbringing as the son of a newspaper man, had taught him to be unapologetically nosy. So he looked at paintings on the wall, picked up items off the shelves.\
There was a touch of the macabre in every item of Sinews\'92 collection. The Egyptian statues were of Anubis and Osiris, gods of death and the afterlife. He had specimens in jars and animal skulls on display. Even the rug on the floor featured a motif of skulls. There were broadsides in frames mounted on the walls. There was a lone book on one shelf, and Jonathan recalled that Sinews was supposed to own a book wrapped in the skin of Henry Burke. He allowed himself to wonder if this might be the book in question.\
When the Haitian returned, Jonathan was holding a tall jar of clay with hieroglyphic carvings on its lid. He frowned at Jonathan.\
\'93Mr. Sinews has quite the collection,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93Bit morbid for my tastes, but still, impressive.\'94\
\'93The world craves the grotesque. Those who pretend otherwise deceive no one but themselves,\'94 said a voice from down the hall. Following a set of soft footsteps on hardwood floor, the voice resolved into a man.\
This was Parson Sinews. Jonathan was sure of it from the moment he stepped into the room. He had the bearing of an aristocrat, if not a very god. Frankly, he was the most beautiful man Jonathan had ever seen. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://759118C5-756E-4995-AFBA-77CA50832301"}}{\fldrslt Jonathan had a bit of a reputation as a rake, and was guilty of taking too much pride in his own image in the looking glass, but in Sinews\'92 presence, he felt a bit like Quasimodo in the presence of Adonis. Jonathan\'92s preference was for women, but he wasn\'92t blind.}}\
\'93Mr. Sinews, I presume?\'94 said Jonathan. \'93You\'92re not quite what I expected.\'94\
Sinews had all the lean, agile grace of a predator. He was tall, Jonathan noted, only a little shorter than Jonathan. He had dark hair, sable and swept back neatly. He was clean-shaven, and hadn\'92t a blemish on his milky white skin. But most striking in Jonathan\'92s estimation were his eyes. They were bright, and wide, almost 
\i youthful
\i0 , for lack of a better word. It was as if an adolescent stared out of the eyes of a man; the effect was unnerving. They were jade in color, and at the moment, they were 
\i amused
\i0 .\
\'93You were expecting some dusty, old Professor type?\'94 said Sinews.\
\'93I\'92m not sure what I was expecting,\'94 Jonathan told him.\
Jonathan noticed that while Sinews was expensively dressed, he wore his clothes with a certain disregard. His vest and shirt were both buttoned only partway up. His collar was not ironed. His sleeves were rolled up. Definitely not what he Jonathan had been expecting.\
\'93But Roderick Steen creditscreditsted you as an 
\i expert
\i0 . And given your expansive collection of antiquities and cultural artifacts, I suppose your description of a dusty, old Professor does match my expectations better than the reality,\'94,.\'94 Jonathan said.\
The Haitian handed Sinews\'92 Jonathan\'92s card, saying, \'93This is a 
\i Mr. O
\i0 , according to his card. An acquaintance of Mr. Roderick Steen.\'94\
Sinews\'92 mouth twitched into a semblance of a grin. \'93A pleasure to meet you, Mr. O,\'94 he said. \'93I enjoyed your report on Isembard Kingdom Brunel\'92s latest work of engineering. Very insightful.\'94\
Jonathan gaped at Sinews in surprise. Given how few articles Jonathan had written and published, he was astonished that Sinews recognized the deliberately vague pseudonym.\
\'93A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Sinews,\'94 Jonathan managed.\
\'93Please, call me Parson. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A5D04C7D-A2AA-4DBB-BB64-DA57E66283D1"}}{\fldrslt That is, Parson by name, not profession}}.\'94\
\'93Then you\'92re not of the religious persuasion?\'94 he queried, with irony enough in his inflection to counter Parson\'92s own.\
Parson seemed charmed by the banter. \'93This gentleman is Henry Charles Ocelot.\'94\
Again, Jonathan looked at him in surprise. To refer to one\'92s doorman as a gentleman was incongruous to say the least. Then again, to judge by Mr. Ocelot\'92s attire, he could have been a gentleman. It was all very strange.\
The introductions apparently over, Mr. Sinews turned on his heels and headed down the hall, Mr. Ocelot gesturing for Jonathan to follow. He took Jonathan\'92s coat, then followed behind Jonathan as they headed into the adjacent room.\
The scale of the gothic-styled household was disorienting in that it made naming each room appropriately near impossible. What might have been a hallway was in Sinews\'92 home an antechamber. A room that was functionally a den was in Sinews\'92 home an atrium. His living room, an amphitheater.\
As they entered a broad, circular room with a domed ceiling, Jonathan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FA4EF909-8878-4A23-A157-AA4FE660312B"}}{\fldrslt smelt }}cinnamon and cardamom, and all manner of exotic scents. Incense and candles filled the room with scent and smoke. The floor was littered with huge, plum-colored pillows in Oriental style. On each of the pillows sat a young man or woman. Their faces were drained of color, their eyes bloodshot. They were thin as if starved. They stared out at the world groggily, as if drugged, drained of animation; not one of them looked up as Jonathan and Sinews entered the room, Mr. Ocelot at the rear.\
Jonathan stared at them in alarm. On one occasion, Jonathan\'92s father had tasked him with paying a visit to an opium den for the sake of an article. It had been a lot like this, seedy and dark, its occupants blind to their surroundings. Their only thoughts were of the poppy. But this room unsettled Jonathan in a way the opium den never had. Somehow, an opium den\'97for that must have been what it was\'97in a gentleman\'92s home was more disturbing than the den on a dark street in Chinatown. There, at least, it was somewhat expected. More disturbing still, some of these waifs were very, very young, barely older than children. Jonathan also noted that there were no signs of the opium itself. Jonathan couldn\'92t guess what drug it was they were using, but it was not opium. Jonathan could see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://44206115-EB8F-44C3-88F9-C76A1B0C7FF7"}}{\fldrslt puncture wounds on their necks}}, signs that whatever their poison was, it was taken via injection.\
Sinews said nothing by way of explanation, and merely carried on toward the next room, apparently expecting Jonathan to follow. Mr. Ocelot watched impassively as Jonathan hesitated. He felt compelled to say something by way of protest. He should have stormed out of Sinews\'92 house in moral outrage, refusing to accept the man\'92s help. Instead, he took a few halting steps backwards, then at last let out a long and guilty sigh, and hurried after {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AF37C201-7B46-42A9-80CC-7B142249413C"}}{\fldrslt Sinews}}.}