{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The horse let out a huff of exertion as it cantered up a winding, gravel driveway. The entrance to the driveway was marked by a wooden sign, which hung smartly from a tall signpost, set between two tall statues of horses. 
\i Grimmer and Sons Publishing Inc.
\i0 ,
\i  
\i0 the sign read in a plain font carved into the wood.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Annabel was relieved to learn that the zombies weren\'92t as widespread as she\'92d first feared. Some areas of the city were overrun, while other places still remained utterly untouched. Fortunately, the Grimmer Company was in a part of the city that had not yet been ravaged by the living dead.\
Annabel had chosen to follow a hunch. She knew that the Grimmer Company owned several newspapers, as well as a number of imprints for penny bloods, society papers, and magazines. Many of these newspapers and imprints had their own offices. This was the company\'92s head office, and it was here, she suspected, that she would be most likely to find the mysterious Mr. O.\
She thought of what he\'92d been wearing at Connor\'92s ball\'97a well-tailored suit in the latest fashion. She considered his manners, and the fact that he had received an invitation to Lord Connor\'92s ball in the first place. She thought of his airship. That he had been entrusted with the company airship suggested he held one of the top positions at the company. He was someone important, then. In all likelihood, therefore, he worked at the head office. It was possible he was one of the heads of the newspapers, which would mean that he probably worked at one of the smaller offices, and not here. Still, this was her best bet.\
She hopped out of the hackney, paid the driver generously, and marched up the driveway. The Grimmer Company building was a broad, stern-looking building, all geometric lines and rigid, unshakeable brick. A broad staircase of white marble led to the front door. Annabel noticed a couple of tall, rectangular windows, which looked out onto the wide courtyard. Through the windows, she could make out the bustling workers hauling stacks of paper, working at typewriters, and operating the printing machines. She thought of the little boy in her neighborhood, peddling papers in the zombie-infested streets. This would be a busy day for the newspaper company.\
Annabel straightened out her dress, feeling suddenly self-conscious. She had worn her best for the visit. An ivory and olive corset imported from France, silk gloves trimmed with lace, an ivory blouse, and a jet black twill jacket with a shawl collar trimmed with lace ruffles. Too many ruffles, by Annabel\'92s estimation. She wore silk riding skirt\'97not that she expected to ride, but she felt that a divided skirt afforded her more maneuverability than a traditional skirt\'97and as usual, a gun belt, hidden from view. Annabel had a number of aliases aside from Miss Monday\'97including, of course, 
\i Mr.
\i0  Monday\'97but she\'92d chosen to stick with the persona of a high society belle for this occasion. It would have been odd for a woman of a lower class than Mr. O to inquire after him, but for the well-to-do Miss Monday, it might be somewhat acceptable. She should have had a chaperone, but on a day like today, a lady without a chaperone hardly counted as gossip. She doubted it would even raise an eyebrow. Still, she felt more than a bit overdressed as she climbed the stairs and let herself in the front door.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Fifteen\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \
\'93Oh! If it were true that the spirits of the departed are allowed to revisit the earth for certain purposes and on particular occasions\'97if the belief of superstition were well founded, and night could be peopled with the ghosts and specters of those who sleep in troubled graves\'97what a place of ineffable horrors\'97what a scene of terrible sights, would Newgate be at midnight!\'94\
\
- George W.M. Reynolds\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6AEC40BA-4AAE-4808-B0AC-9B33D889F28A"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 A murder of crows wheeled overhead, a hundred raucous voices cawing noisily}}. Roderick had never seen so many crows in one place. They circled gracefully, black shadows against a grey backdrop, and perched on trees and archways. One of them swooped down and tried to land on one of the zombies, whose clumsy fists caused the bird to retreat to the prison roof.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The prison stood at the corner of Newgate and Old Bailey. It originally served as a gate in the Roman wall, but had served as a prison now for centuries. It had been expanded and rebuilt over the years. Now, it was built around a central courtyard, an awful building of heavy bricks and few windows. Its walls were reinforced with iron. Blatant symbols of imprisonment were carved into the bricks around each door and window: chains, shackles, the scales of justice. A crow perched on the ledge above one of the windows. The towers of St. Paul\'92s loomed in the distance.\
Roderick sized it up, and shared a look with Detective Inspector Taggert and Mr. Hargrave. There was no time to hesitate. They had encountered hundreds of zombies on their way here. They were out of breath. There were zombies trailing behind them. Ahead, there were even more. They had nowhere to go but the prison.\
Only a few zombies stood by the door to the prison. Roderick raised his letter opener, but Taggert stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.\
\'93I\'92ll do it,\'94 he said, and headed over to clear the path to the front door.\
A few quick blows to their skulls, and the zombies hit the ground and lay motionless. There was a flurry of wings as crows took flight and circled over the corpses.\
\'93You\'92re becoming quite efficient, Detective Inspector,\'94 said Roderick, heading after him.\
Taggert snorted. \'93If I didn\'92t know better, Mr. Steen, I\'92d say that sounded a bit like praise.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t read into it,\'94 Roderick said, giving him a wink.\
Hargrave taking up the rear, they headed into the infamous prison, a few zombies trailing distantly behind them. Hargrave shut the door.\
The prison was lit by gas. Its stark walls of brick seemed to swallow up the light, so the halls were dark and bare. Roderick had half expected to be greeted by a guard upon entering the prison, somehow feeling that the great brick building was impenetrable and unsusceptible to the zombie plague. That feeling was gone now.\
They found what was left of the guard within moments. Gore and blood stained the walls behind him. His organs spilled out of his body and onto the floor. Somehow he had been decapitated. There were rough bite marks along his neck. Inspector Taggert appeared to be having trouble keeping his lunch down.\
Roderick shrugged. He was getting over his squeamishness rather quickly. He felt, rather pragmatically, that he had seen much worse on the way here. Roderick could be hysterical when there was just cause, and a decapitated prison guard certainly qualified, but someone needed to keep it together.\
Other than the remains of a single guard, the hallway was deserted. He motioned for the officers to follow him, offering a handkerchief to Taggert, who used it to wipe the bile from his chin.\
\'93It should be easy to find Mr. Sinews,\'94 he whispered. \'93I understand the prison is divided into common and state sections?\'94\
\'93That\'92s right,\'94 Taggert confirmed.\
\'93Then we\'92ll find him in the state section.\'94\
\'93Why are we whispering?\'94 Taggert whispered back.\
\'93Because I don\'92t want the dead to hear me,\'94 Roderick replied.\
\'93Do you think there are more of them in here?\'94 Hargrave asked.\
Roderick paused a moment to look back at the ravaged prison guard, and gave a meaningful nod to Hargrave and Taggert.\
\'93I don\'92t think he chewed his own head off,\'94 Roderick answered. \'93Do {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F6595C3D-AF54-443A-A824-74C4CEE350D7"}}{\fldrslt you}}?\'94}