{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel awoke in a cell. It was dark, cold, and windowless, a hard bench the only furniture. A set of iron doors locked her inside. She patted her dress, dug through her hidden pockets, and found that her lock picking tools were gone. Her guns had been confiscated as well. \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 At least both her eyes were working. She might have expected to have had her prosthesis removed by her captors, so it was a relief that her vision was still entirely intact. She unstrapped the device, took the key from around her neck, and used it to wind up the mechanical eye. Before replacing it in its socket, she flipped open the hidden compartment. She had to suppress a grin. The poison dart was still there.\
So, an eye for an eye, she thought. She\'92d put a dart in Dr. Jekyll\'92s neck as soon as she had a chance, see how he liked it.\
She flipped the compartment shut and clicked her eye back in place with a click and a pneumatic hiss. There was an uncomfortable pressure in her skull as she fit the device into its socket, but she\'92d grown used to that over the years. As used to it as one could get anyway. She felt naked without the eye strapped in. Quickly, she fastened the straps, and experimentally rotated the lens.\
She jumped back. There was someone in the cell next to her. A dark, shadowy figure in the blackness of the holding cell. He was watching her intently. Annabel shrunk away, squinting with her mechanical eye until it changed focus to reveal the man more clearly. She reached up and adjusted a dial. The device began to emit a dim light. She turned another knob, and her ordinary lens slid off to the side, making way for a green lens to slide into place, allowing her to see more sharply in the dim lighting. As she turned the wheel, she could finally see her fellow captive clearly.\
He was astonishingly handsome, an unsettling smile upon his lips. A sardonic expression on his unblemished, youthful face. A piercing gaze in his eyes. His eyes were an unnaturally bright green, though this might have been owing to the tint of her lens.\
\'93Sorry if I startled you,\'94 he said.\
\'93Not at all,\'94 Annabel lied. She got to her feet and moved over to get a better look at him. Easier than squinting through her prosthetic eye.\
\'93What is this place?\'94 he asked.\
She shook her head. She\'92d been hoping he could tell her.\
\'93Resurrectionist holding cell, I believe,\'94 she said.\
\'93I suspected as much,\'94 he said. \'93I was arrested, but the menmean who took me were not policemen. They mentioned transporting me to a more secure prison. 
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0 .\'94\
Annabel frowned. She wondered if that\'92s what they planned for her as well. She was surprised the Resurrectionists hadn\'92t just killed her.\
\'93
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0  was the name of a fortress in the Mediterranean Sea, near the Old Port of Marseille. It later became a prison. It was used in Alexandre Dumas\'92 novel, The Count of Monte Cristo, as the apparently inescapable secret prison from which Edmond Dantes eventually escapes,\'94 he said. He seemed to possess Annabel\'92s own ability to appear remarkably calm despite the duress of an unusual situation. She wondered if he 
\i felt
\i0  as apprehensive as she did, in spite of his cool demeanor. \'93Unless we\'92re being escorted there in reality, which I doubt, I\'92d wager that 
\i Chateau d\'92If
\i0  is being used as a code name for some other prison.\'94\
His eyes never left her as he spoke.\
\'93What do you know of these Resurrectionists?\'94 he asked, suddenly changing the subject.\
\'93I\'92m not sure I want to tell you,\'94 she said, equally cold. \'93Who are you? What do they want with you?\'94\
He edged closer to the end of his cell, and put his hands on the bars. The green glow in his eyes was even more pronounced with him standing close enough to touch her.\
\'93I\'92m a hobbyist,\'94 he said.\
\'93A hobbyist?\'94 she repeated, unimpressed. \'93Of what sort?\'94\
\'93I follow the careers of dangerous criminals, collect broadsides and memorabilia, and visit the sites of their crimes. I try to meet these criminals, when I can.\'94\
\'93An odd hobby.\'94\
\'93But a popular one, believe it or not,\'94 he countered. He placed his head against the bars. It seemed an effort to get closer to her. She took a cautious step backwards, and he grinned.\
There was something about him, Annabel couldn\'92t quite place, but her instincts were drawn to his bright green eyes, his dark hair, and fair skin. She noted that he had the slightest hint of an Irish accent. She considered his \'93hobby,\'94 and suddenly the puzzle pieces clicked into place. She knew who he was.\
\'93You\'92re Parson Sinews,\'94 Annabel said with surprise.\
\'93You\'92ve heard of me?\'94 He laughed. It was a cold sound, without mirth, and it unsettled her.\
\'93We travel the same social circles,\'94 she said. Annabel\'92s friends and associates were criminals, and Parson Sinews\'92 name was whispered on the tongues of thieves and murderers. It was a name that was feared even by the most hardened criminals. Sinews was infamous. He had influence, wealth, power. And he had a reputation. \'93I\'92m surprised we haven\'92t met till now.\'94\
Sinews smiled. \'93As am I,\'94 he said. He didn\'92t elaborate, but Annabel got the unnerving sense that Mr. Sinews knew who she was, somehow.\
She hadn\'92t really trusted Mr. O, but she\'92d liked the man well enough. She trusted Mr. Sinews even less, and she didn\'92t think she particularly liked him either. But she was trapped in a cell, and he was interesting if not likable. And somehow, despite his imprisonment, he seemed to be enjoying himself. She said as much.\
He grinned at the question. \'93No,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92m not enjoying myself much. Imprisonment does not agree with me. That said, it is a pleasant surprise meeting you here. I never thought I\'92d have the opportunity to thank you in person. The Rembrandt is exquisite. I\'92ve set it on the wall in the sitting room, adjacent to the fireplace.\'94\
It took some amount of effort for Annabel to keep a neutral expression. She remembered that particular heist well enough. As was her usual method, she\'92d made the arrangements through third parties, keeping the identity of her buyer and her own name anonymous. She never met her buyers personally, never learned their names. Using the alias Monday was a failsafe. She was a ghost. She should be untraceable. And she hadn\'92t introduced herself to Mr. Sinews. Seeing that he\'92d deduced it meant that either he was particularly clever or that her cover had again been blown by one of her sources. Until her recent encounter with the Resurrectionists, she would have considered the latter impossible. Now, she was not so sure.\
\'93I\'92m glad to hear that, Mr. Sinews, but let\'92s keep the conversation to the Resurrectionists,\'94 she said.\
She wanted to say more, but she bit her lip. Sinews smiled that infuriating smile of his and shrunk back from the bars of his cell, and took a seat on the bench.\
\'93Very well,\'94 he said, threading his fingers together on his lap. \'93What do you know about them?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know how,\'94 Annabel said, \'93butbBut I know that they are connected to the Grimmer Company.\'94\
Parson barely blinked at the revelation. But he was no longer smiling.\
\'93This prison is in the basement of the Grimmer Company headquarters,\'94 she said. \'93Last night, at Lord Henry Connor\'92s masquerade, I met a man called Mr. O. He hinted that Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist. I had been hired to rob Connor. After I retrieved the package, the Resurrectionists put a gun to my back and relieved me of it. Have you heard of the Lazarus Virus?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Sinews answered.\
\'93Well, that\'92s what was in the package,\'94 she said. \'93They used a mechanical bird to spread the virus; in a matter of minutes, everyone in the house was infected. I was lucky enough to get out alive, as was Mr. O.\'94\
Sinews winced, as if pained by Annabel\'92s news. It was the first sign she\'92d seen that Sinews was capable of real emotion. She cocked her head at him. \'93What is it?\'94\
\'93My fianc\'e9e was at the masquerade,\'94 he said. \'93You were there. Is there any chance she made it out alive?\'94\
Annabel shook her head. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 she said. \'93The only way she could have gotten away was if your fianc\'e9e was a Resurrectionist.\'94\
Sinews said nothing, but he was grinding his teeth, jaw clenched. To Annabel\'92s astonishment, he seemed to be considering that possibility. Anything, she supposed, to keep the hope that his fianc\'e9e was still alive. He must have truly loved this woman, whoever she was.\
Eventually, the drawn-out silence became uncomfortable. Annabel decided to fill the void in their conversation. \'93This man I met,\'94 she continued. \'93Mr. O\'97\'94\
\'93Jonathan Grimmer,\'94 said Mr. Sinews.\
\'93Does 
\i everyone
\i0  know poor Mr. Grimmer\'92s identity?\'94 said Annabel. \'93Alas, I don\'92t believe Mr. Grimmer is well suited for the cloak and dagger.\'94\
\'93No indeed,\'94 Mr. Sinews agreed. \'93Then again, it seems that you and I are not as adept at the clandestine as we\'92d like to think, either, given our current circumstances.\'94\
Annabel shrugged. He had a point. \'93Anyway, the Grimmers are connected to the Resurrectionists. Yet somehow I don\'92t think Jonathan Grimmer is one of them. Call it a gut feeling, call it women\'92s intuition. Call it whatever you like, I believe Jonathan Grimmer is innocent.\'94\
\'93I share your opinion,\'94 Sinews told her. To her surprise, she was glad to hear that. She still didn\'92t know why exactly\'97perhaps it was because despite his naive innocence, he had stayed by her side at Connor\'92s, until she\'92d chosen to abandon him, or perhaps she was simply taken in by his handsome face\'97but she wanted to think the best of Mr. Grimmer.\
\'93Still, he knows 
\i something 
\i0 about the Resurrectionists,\'94 she said, \'93I came here to find out what. Instead, I ended up imprisoned here.\'94\
\'93Well, if it\'92s any consolation, what Mr. Grimmer knows about the Resurrectionists, he learned from me.\'94\
Annabel blinked in surprise.\
\'93I told you I study criminals as a hobby,\'94 he reminded her. \'93I spent some time investigating the Resurrection Man. Jonathan Grimmer came to me looking for answers. I don\'92t know the Grimmer Company\'92s part in all this, but I believe you\'92re right. Jonathan Grimmer is innocent.\'94\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Twenty\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93I am the green Fairy\
My robe is the color of despair\
I have nothing in common with the fairies of the past\
What I need is blood, red and hot\'94\
\
- Marie Corelli\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93In here,\'94 Roderick hissed.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The heavy door swung open with a groan of protest, rusted hinges squealing loudly as Roderick seized the handle and pulled with all his weight. A loud thump\'97a waif-like figure crashed into the door from the inside. It growled at them, staggered to its feet, and reached its arm through the crack in the door.  \
Hargrave put a bullet in its skull, viscous blood filling the air with a putrid, festering odor. Roderick slipped through the door, into the dark cell, with Hargrave right behind him. Roderick dragged the body out of the doorway, while Hargrave pulled the door shut, sealing them inside.\
The zombies outside howled with in frustration and ravenous appetite, slamming their hands against the heavy, iron door. The door had small square slits at eye level, providing them a narrow view of the hall. The zombies thrust their fingers through the gaps and peered through the makeshift window, leering hungrily. Roderick and Hargrave retreated to the back of the cell.\
The door could only be opened from the outside. If the dead could figure out how to unlatch the door, there was no way Roderick could stop them. He was banking on their lack of intelligence to keep them alive.\
\'93How many bullets are left in your gun?\'94 Roderick asked.\
Hargrave jumped at the sound of Roderick\'92s voice. His nerves were shot. He was drenched in sweat, his face pale. Even his eyes jumped with nervous energy, flitting from the zombies at the door to the corpse that lay on the floor of the cell, to their bare prison cell.\
Roderick\'92s own nerves were on edge as well. He remembered Hargrave stopping to pull him to his feet. He wouldn\'92t be alive if not for Hargrave. So he asked the question again, patient and quiet. \'93How many bullets?\'94\
\'93I, uh, I don\'92t know.\'94\
Hargrave flipped open the chamber. He looked gravely at Roderick, fear written plainly on his thickly mustached face. Roderick noticed, for the first time, how handsome he was. 
\i Any other time
\i0 , he thought. Hargrave emptied the gun\'92s chamber into the palm of his hand. He held out his palm so Roderick could see.\
One. Just one bullet.\
He loaded it into the chamber, flicked it shut, and handed the gun to Roderick.\
\'93When the time comes,\'94 he said, a thick layer of sweat on his brow, \'93You mustn\'92t hesitate.\'94\
Roderick frowned, but he took the gun. A solid Smith & Wesson revolver, with a wooden grip and round barrel. It must have been prison issue. Hargrave must have taken it from one of the prison guards.\
\'93What are you talking about, Hargrave?\'94\
Hargrave said nothing. His eyes were fixed on the door, watching anxiously as the zombies in the hallway beat their hands against it, hissing and snarling like dogs. Roderick followed his gaze. There must have been at least a hundred zombies out there. There was no getting out, at least not that way. They were trapped in here. Even so, Roderick took his eyes from the door, and put a hand on Hargrave\'92s shoulder.\
\'93We\'92re going to get out of here,\'94 he said. \'93Do you know how many people have escaped from Newgate over the years?\'94\
Hargrave shook his head.\
\'93Hundreds,\'94 Roderick told him. \'93In fact, Jack Sheppard escaped 
\i three times
\i0 . Three times, Hargrave. And we only need to escape the once.\'94\
Hargrave snorted. \'93I appreciate your optimism, Mr. Steen,\'94 he said. \'93You\'92re going to get out of here. Of that I have no doubt. But not me.\'94\
He rolled up his sleeve, showing Roderick his bare arm. Roderick sucked in a breath of alarm. Hargrave\'92s bicep was marked with a deep gash, a jagged wound of raw, lacerated flesh. Impossible to tell if the wound had been caused by teeth or jagged fingernails, but it looked hideous. Painful.\
But more than that, the wound was clearly infected. Black, gelatinous blood lined the edge of the wound, his skin a deep, necrotic purple. Greenish pus oozed from the wound. A spider-web of rust-colored lines spread from the infected gash. His flesh was a pale cadaverous color, and Roderick noticed that Hargrave had to use his other hand to hold his arm up.\
Roderick winced.\
\'93Is it painful?\'94 he asked.\
Hargrave\'92s answer was tinged with regret. \'93Not at all,\'94 he said. \'93Truth is, I can\'92t feel it at all.\'94\
The wound was sickening, a gory mess of ravaged flesh and swollen, oozing infection, but it was Hargrave\'92s voice that bothered Roderick most. Like the voice of a heavy smoker, his voice was becoming thin and rough, a harsh rasp like shredding paper. The infection was spreading through Hargrave\'92s body, not just his arm, but his lungs. Decay was working its way through him. Still in its early stages\'97Hargrave wasn\'92t a zombie yet\'97but Roderick guessed he didn\'92t have long.\
\'93You should have said something earlier,\'94 he said, his voice no more than a whisper.\
Hargrave laughed bitterly. \'93And then what?\'94 he asked. \'93What could we have done?\'94\
\'93We could have done 
\i something
\i0 , at least,\'94 Roderick insisted. \'93We could have amputated. That might have stopped the infection from spreading.\'94\
Hargrave shook his head. \'93With what equipment? And besides, what use would I have been afterwards?\'94\
He had a point. If Hargrave didn\'92t die of blood loss from the surgery, he would have been weak, likely unconscious. And Roderick wouldn\'92t have made it this far without him. In a way, Hargrave had died to get him this far. And now, they would die together. All of Hargrave\'92s efforts, for nothing.\
There was no getting out of this cell, no matter what he\'92d said about escaping. Jack Sheppard did escape Newgate on three separate occasions, but he hadn\'92t done it with a hundred of the hungry dead standing outside his door. When Hargrave died, Roderick would have no choice but to put a bullet in his skull. His last bullet.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://0EF81468-694E-4CD0-A186-437F29033F4B"}}{\fldrslt And then, he would be trapped in his cell, alone, with no chance of escape, no hope of being rescued. He would have only one choice: to waste away in his cell, or to open the door and let the zombies finish him off}}.\
If Roderick was a selfish man, he would have stuck the revolver in his own mouth and blown his brains out before Hargrave had a chance to stop him. But he wasn\'92t. So he sat on the bench, the only piece of furniture in the room, and aimed the revolver at Hargrave. And waited.}