{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The blood seemed to have stopped flowing. Annabel had roughly patched Palmer up with a strip of cloth from her skirt. It was badly ripped enough already, so she dared not worry about the scandal her bare legs might cause should she be seen in public in such a state. There were other, more pressing concerns. Besides, given the state the city was in, it was unlikely that she would be the only one with a torn skirt.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93We\'92ve got to get out of here,\'94 she said. \'93The Resurrectionists could be right on our heels.\'94\
Palmer agreed with a groan of pain. \'93This isn\'92t the only way out of the lab, either,\'94 he said.\
He hurried to the door, stopping only to retrieve another weapon, a shotgun he had hidden beneath his desk. Annabel had to remind herself that if he\'92d wanted to kill her he wouldn\'92t have needed the shotgun to do so. He could just as easily have left her to the Resurrectionists. Or he could have kept his pistol to himself. Still, she didn\'92t trust him, so she positioned herself so that Jonathan Grimmer stood between her and Palmer.\
She had only just met Jonathan the night before. He\'92d given her little reason to trust him. He\'92d provided a false identity. He\'92d known that Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist; he\'92d said that Connor had 
\i dangerous friends
\i0 . His family was obviously connected with the Resurrectionists, and now she\'92d caught him wearing a plague mask, down in the Resurrectionist\'92s secret laboratory. Everything she knew about him screamed Resurrectionist. And yet\'85and yet, he\'92d stood by her, on lookout while she cracked Connor\'92s safe.\
Annabel had survived in a dangerous world of criminals because she had good instincts. She didn\'92t trust easily. In all her life, she could only think of one time when she\'92d trusted the wrong man\'97but that single black stain on her record was Anthony Tidkins. A great whopping mistake in judgment. She couldn\'92t afford to make that mistake again. She couldn\'92t afford to trust Jonathan Grimmer.\
\'93I don\'92t know why I trust you,\'94 she whispered to him. The truth was, when she looked into Jonathan\'92s eyes, the only thing she could think to do {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7270AE0B-DD48-45A4-8DC1-8A12A061E1BB"}}{\fldrslt was to kiss his lips, to lose herself in his embrace.}} No wonder she trusted him. \'93But I do,\'94 she continued. \'93I 
\i don\'92t
\i0  trust Palmer.\'94\
\'93I do,\'94 he said.\
Annabel bit her tongue, and nodded. \'93That will have to do,\'94 she said, \'93for now.\'94\
She turned to Palmer, stopping him before he left the room.\
\'93I need more bullets,\'94 she said, holding up the gun he\'92d loaned her.\
He returned to his desk, and opened another drawer. He rummaged through it, fished out a small stash of nine-millimeter ammunition, and handed it over.\
\'93Most of the offices don\'92t have elevators into the basement. Just those of us who worked in the laboratory 
\i before
\i0  the Resurrectionists took it over,\'94 Palmer told them, as he crossed the room to the door. \'93Mrs. Grimmer\'92s office, mine, and Charles Grimmer\'92s old office\'97Jonathan\'92s now. Mr. Grimmer\'92s office is closest to this one; they\'92ll likely be headed there. Follow my lead.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Annabel, opening the door and heading into the hallway in a hurry.\
The employees of the printing company stared at them as the trio tore down the hall. They made quite the sight\'97Annabel with her tattered dress, Palmer with his bandaged wound, and Jonathan with his customary roguish smile still on his lips. The gossip, however, quickly turned to stunned silence, when the crowd noticed Mr. Palmer\'92 shotgun and Annabel\'92s pistol.\
Without slowing, the trio hurried through the crowd, the shouts of the Resurrectionists announcing their arrival from behind. Barely pausing in his tracks, Palmer cocked the shotgun, aimed it at the Resurrectionists, and fired.\
Screams erupted from the printing company\'92s employees, while a cry of pain arose from one of the masked Resurrectionists. The Resurrectionists scattered for cover, though some of them raised their own weapons and began firing back. The chaos of screaming journalists, secretaries, and printers provided cover, while Annabel fled through the crowd, Jonathan and Palmer right behind her. After a moment, the Resurrectionists resumed the chase.\
They sprinted around the corner as a bullet tore a hole in the wall, plaster and dust sprinkling the floor. They hurried through the printing room, shoved open the door to the lobby. Past the startled receptionist, toward the front door. They shoved it open, and tore down the front steps.\
The Grimmer Company was clear of zombies; clearly, the Resurrectionists hadn\'92t wanted the dead to interrupt their work, so they\'92d avoided spreading the Lazarus Virus within the vicinity of the lab. Annabel wondered how long it would take before even this neighborhood was overrun by zombies. How long, without the aidaide of the infectious gas, would it take for the plague to spread?\
Annabel spared a glance back. The Resurrectionists were just now arriving in the lobby.\
\'93Come on!\'94 she cried, hiking up her skirt and heading down the long driveway of the printing company.\
The men didn\'92t need to be told twice. They quickly hurried after her, with only the occasional backward glance to see that, yes, they were still being followed.\
Another shot rang out, but it went wild. Palmer returned fire, forcing the Resurrectionists to take cover while the trio fled. They sought cover behind a statue that marked the entrance to the driveway. A hail of bullets struck the statue, and Annabel had to cover her ears and eyes as the stone crumbled.\
Palmer reloaded, stepped out from behind cover, and fired again.\
\'93Go!\'94 he shouted.\
Annabel didn\'92t hesitate. She headed out onto the street. Jonathan was right behind her as she hurried across the deserted road, bullets bouncing off the ground inches from his feet. It was only by luck that he wasn\'92t hit. They took cover behind a tree. A bullet lodged in the thick trunk, bark filling the air.\
The neighborhood was dead quiet, but for the shower of bullets; Annabel could spy fearful faces peering out of the windows at her and Jonathan. Probably wondering if she and Jonathan were zombies.\
\'93We\'92ll have to go on foot,\'94 she said. She\'92d hoped they might flag down a passing hansom and hop on before the Resurrectionists had a chance to follow.\
Jonathan was scanning the sky. \'93Shit,\'94 he swore. \'93Where is it?\'94\
\'93Your airship?\'94 she asked, still running.\
Palmer was hurrying after them, at a distance. They slowed to allow him to catch up. Another bullet zinged past, shattering a window. Another one struck the pavement, creating a spray of debris. They ducked into an alley.\
\'93We\'92ll be safer in the skies,\'94 Jonathan whispered quickly. \'93I sent some of my crew on a bit of an errand. I\'92d hoped they would be back by now.\'94\
Annabel risked a peak, and saw that the Resurrectionists were still following. They had split up, though, half of them heading away from them, the rest headed their way. They might not have seen them flee into the alley, but they would round the corner in a moment. Then they\'92d be sitting ducks.\
\'93We need to keep moving,\'94 she said, taking off down the alley. \'93Where are we headed?\'94\
\'93Newgate,\'94 he answered.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Twenty-Four\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93Newgate is a gloomy-looking, ancient building. It is the beau ideal of prison architecture, with hardly any windows, with here and there an empty niche, or some dilapidated carvings; all besides is gloomy, stony, and cold.\'94\
\
- Max Schlesinger, 
\i Saunterings In and About London
\i0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Having managed to file the iron bar from the window, Roderick applied himself to the task of putting a hole through the ceiling with furious energy. He didn\'92t wish to be left behind. His arm aching from his efforts, each attack on the granite ceiling vibrating through his tendons, he chipped away at the ceiling. His efforts were rewarded with a shower of granite. The ceiling was surprisingly fragile, enough to make him worry it would all come crashing down on him.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 He wondered how Jack Sheppard had managed it. The sound of chipping granite rang through the prison, sending the zombies into a fervor. How could the guards not hearhave heardhear what he was up to and come rushing in to stop him? Perhaps Had theythey\'92d been bribed?, he thought?.\
Before long, he was drenched in sweat, his face red and glistening with exertion. He stripped off his waistcoat and flung it onto the wooden bench, wiped the sweat from his brow onto his shirt. Exercise was sobering. He {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://74FCFB5D-4FE3-47A0-AA8D-CBD1308046B3"}}{\fldrslt no longer felt the delicious energy given to him by the cocaine}}.\
He picked up the iron bar again, was about to renew his efforts, when a sound \cb2 like distant thunder\cb1  caught his attention. He set the bar back on the bench and climbed down. Another loud bang followed the first. 
\i Gunfire.
\i0 \
He went over to the door. He couldn\'92t get close enough to look out through the hatch. The zombies still had their fingers thrust through its gaps. He heard more gunshots, dozens of bullets firingfiringed one after another. It was difficult to tell, with the way the sound reverberated on the hard walls and bare floor, but it sounded like the gunshots were drawing closer.\
Another barrage of gunfire erupted. This time, Roderick was sure it had come from closer. The fingers in the hatch withdrew, and the zombies began to stagger away. He saw one of them fall, a bullet through its skull.\
Roderick peered through the hatch. Some of the zombies lay still on the floor. The rest were moving away from the door, all headed in the same direction. It could only mean one thing. Whoever was shooting was close by.\
He began banging on the door.\
\'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://153F1A6D-2CF4-469F-844C-970104BF07B5"}}{\fldrslt In here!\'94 he cried, \'93I\'92m alive in here!\'94}}\
Some of the zombies paused at the door and looked in through the hatch to see what all the fuss was about. One by one, their faces dropped away, as a spray of thick, glutinous blood painted the walls and slopped on the floor.\
Roderick pressed himself against the door again, and peered through the small square holes into the hallway. The floor was littered with dead bodies. His angle of view was narrow, but he couldn\'92t see any zombies. He couldn\'92t see the shooters either.\
\'93In here!\'94 he called again, in case they were still alive. \'93In here!\'94\
\'93Did you \'91ear that?\'94 said a voice.\
\'93Hello?\'94 a second voice called loudly.\
Roderick practically leapt for joy. They were still alive! Somebody\'97living people\'97was still alive.\
\'93In here!\'94 he cried once more. \'93I\'92m in this cell.\'94\
He picked up the iron bar from the bench, and used it to bang against the door so they could find him. Finally, a man\'92s face appeared in front of the hatch. Roderick never thought he\'92d be so happy just to see a living man\'92s face, but he felt himself grinning from ear to ear. He felt tears welling up in the corners of his eyes.\
\'93Thank god,\'94 he said, smiling broadly.\
He wiped the sweat from his brow with a handkerchief, a bit embarrassed by his appearance. He gathered up his waistcoat and threw it back on hastily, as the man opened the door.\
\'93Ollie Lockwood,\'94 said the man, reaching out to shake Roderick\'92s hand.\
Instead, Roderick threw his arms around the man, embracing him firmly. Ollie yelped in surprise. Of course, he was even more surprised when Roderick planted a kiss on his cheek.\
\'93Well, uh, Ah\'92m \'92appy to see you, too,\'94 he said, awkwardly.\
A short, black-haired girl joined him in the doorway. She had the practical look of a mechanic\'97worn leather fingerless gloves, fingers stained with oil and grease, and plainly colored clothing. To complete the look, she wore a pair of brass welding goggles on her forehead. Unlike most engineers Roderick had known, she brandished a samurai sword as her weapon. The sword was crusted with blood and gore. She was short in stature, but Roderick noticed her broad shoulders and her muscular build. The girl looked like she could pick Roderick up with one hand. She wiped the sword clean on a handkerchief and returned it to its sheath.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93KasTo complete the look, she wore a pair of brass welding goggles on her forehead, and brandished a rusty pipe as her weapon. The pipe was crusted with blood and gore. She was short in stature, but Roderick noticed her broad shoulders and her muscular build. The girl looked like she could pick Roderick up with one hand.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Kass,\'94 said Ollie, \'93This \'92ere\'92s\'97actually, didn\'92t catch your name, sah.\'94\
\'93Roderick Steen,\'94 Roderick replied, embracing her as if they were old friends.\
\'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://67C5212A-99DE-47B3-90E1-191B511D815F"}}{\fldrslt Kasumi Hattori}},\'94 she replied awkwardly. \'93People call me KasKass.\'94\
\'93Sorry, I\'92m just very glad to see 
\i people
\i0 .\'94\
\'93Yes, well, we didn\'92t think we\'92d find anyone in here. At least, nobody who wasn\'92t\'97\'94 KasKass trailed off.\
\'93A zombie?\'94 Roderick ventured, pointing at the sea of corpses in the hall.\
\'93Is that what you call them?\'94 asked KasKass.\
Roderick shrugged. \'93As good a name as any. What are you doing in the prison?\'94\
\'93Looking for someone,\'94 Ollie replied.\
\'93As was I,\'94 said Roderick, \'93Before I took shelter in here.\'94\
\'93We shouldn\'92t linger,\'94 said KasKass, heading back into the hallway. She stepped over the corpses carefully. \'93Might be more of them, and we\'92re running low on ammunition.\'94\
Roderick followed them into the hall, where they joined the rest of their crew, a dozen or so men who\'97like Ollie\'97had the look of sailors. Roderick felt a bit out of place in his blood-stained ivory frock coat, blue ascot and kid gloves, but he was just grateful to be among the living again. He followed them, eager to get out of this hellhole.\
\'93So,\'94 he said, nudging Ollie conspiratorially, \'93Who was it you were looking for?\'94\
\'93Some bloke called Parson Sinews,\'94 Ollie replied. \'93\'91ow \'92bout you, sah?\'94\
Roderick raised his eyebrows.\
\'93Small world,\'94 he replied.\
True to form, Roderick was quick to assess his new allies, small clues spilling stories, deductions filling in the gaps. Roderick had seen 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  nearby, which meant the men were not sailors; they were the airship\'92s crew. Kasumi HattoriKasumiClementine HattoriChen was clearly an engineer or a mechanic, while the men were likely crewmen. If they were the 
\i Dreadful\'92s 
\i0 crew, then Jonathan must have sent them. Which meant Jonathan had seen Mr. Sinews\'92 arrest. It made sense; he would have been at Sinews\'92 home around the time that Inspector Taggert had sent the police to collect him. So, Jonathan was still investigating The Resurrectionists. This was good news. It meant that his friend was still alive.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Twenty-Five\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93There have arisen in every country, and in every age, celebrated women criminals whose daring deeds have become part of history.\'94\
\
- Harry Houdini\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The airship was high above the dying city of London, above the clouds, sailing through the aether. Far enough above the city that they could no longer hear the apocalyptic sounds from the ground below. The screams of the living as they watched their friends and family members die, only to turn on them. The inhuman moan of the zombies as they hunted for living flesh. The shattering of glass as the creatures broke into homes and businesses; even in their homes the living were not safe.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The airship was as steady as solid ground, with only a light breeze stirring the air. The whir of propellers and the 
\i chunk-chunk 
\i0 of the engines kept up a steady rhythm.\
While Jonathan generally disliked air travel, the airship was not without its comforts. At any rate, it was preferable to being on the ground at the moment. Jonathan had nonetheless plopped herself himself into a chair with an audible sigh. Then he rang the bell for tea.\
His first inclination had been absinthe, but the bright green bottle had lost its appeal at the moment. It reminded him of Parson Sinews, his furious battle with the police as they made their arrest. It was hard to believe that had only been the night before.\
Across from Jonathan sat Abraham Palmer. To his left, Miss Monday. And to his right, Roderick Steen, Oliver Lockwood, and KasKass. He had been surprised to find Roderick aboard his ship when he, Palmer, and Monday had finally reached Newgate. Apparently, Mr. Lockwood\'97with the help of some of the airship crew\'97had managed to rescue Roderick, who had been trapped in a cell, surrounded by zombies. They had not found Parson Sinews, but thanks to Miss Monday\'92s efforts, they now knew that \cb2 Sinews was being held prisoner\cb1  by the Resurrectionists.\
After a long, trying day, tea was not just a comfort;;. I it was a necessity. It was served with sandwiches and sweets, lemon tarts and soft warm bread. Because Ollie and KasKass had rescued his best friend, Jonathan had thought it appropriate to invite them to tea.\
He watched Ollie tear into his sandwich with relish. He wore a mustache of tea on his upper lip. Miss Monday sipped her tea delicately, her eyes scanning the room warily.\
She had told her story over their first cup of tea. How the Resurrectionists had taken the prize she\'92d stolen from Connor\'92s safe, and used it to unleash the Lazarus Virus. How she\'92d followed Palmer and Mrs. Grimmer down into the Resurrectionist laboratory, where she\'92d seen the zombie in its tank, and where she met Dr. Jekyll, who had explained the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 \'97the Resurrectionists intended to cure death. To do so, they needed to find someone who was immune to Lazarus. How she\'92d been taken prisoner, and met her fellow captive\'97Parson Sinews. How she\'92d made her escape, after a brief confrontation with Anthony Tidkins.\
They were comparing notes. Jonathan\'92s own findings were much the same as hers. He told the gathered party about his own meeting with Parson Sinews, and what Sinews had told him about the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 . He told them about Sinews\'92 arrest; the police believed Sinews was the Resurrection Man.\
Miss Monday snorted. \'93The police are wrong,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ve met Mr. Sinews, and I\'92ve met Anthony Tidkins. They are not the same man.\'94\
\'93I agree,\'94 Roderick said, \'93But Detective Inspector Taggert said he spoke to a witness who swore up and down that Sinews was the Resurrection Man. It was Taggert\'97god rest his idiotic soul\'97who sent the Black Mariah\'92s to arrest Sinews.\'94\
\'93Mr. Ocelot believed his employer, Mr. Sinews, was used by the Resurrectionists as a scapegoat. The so-called 
\i witness 
\i0 was likely a Resurrectionist. A convenient way to get rid of Mr. Sinews, who might have been a threat to the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 ,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Mr. Sinews believed my father\'92s death was not an accident. He suggested my father might have been killed by the Resurrectionists.\'94\
He noticed Palmer looking down at his tea, and directed his attention at him.\
\'93After my meeting with Mr. Sinews, I headed to the 
\i Grimmer and Sons 
\i0 headquarters, where I spoke with Mr. Palmer,\'94 he said.\
Jonathan sat back in his chair and sipped his tea thoughtfully. He gave a brief summary of his conversation with Palmer to the rest of the party. All eyes seemed to turn on Palmer.\
Palmer nodded.\
\'93Yes, I suppose you want an explanation,\'94 he said. He took a sip of tea, wincing with pain from his gunshot wound. \'93What Jonathan says is true. Beneath the Grimmer Company is a laboratory. It was used to study the effects of the Lazarus Virus, these inhuman creatures you call 
\i zombies
\i0 . Mr. Grimmer and I have been hunting these creatures for years now, since Jonathan was a boy.\'94\
Miss Monday frowned seriously, scrutinizing Palmer with an unreadable expression. It was impossible to know what thoughts lay behind those eyes, when one of them was made of brass, polished wood, and polarized glass. She gulped back her tea as if it was the last cup on earth. Jonathan raised an eyebrow in question.\
\'93It\'92s been a long day,\'94 she said with a dismissive shrug, \'93I find tea to be quite the restorative, don\'92t you?\'94\
Jonathan had to agree. He nodded.\
\'93Drink tea. Kill zombies,\'94 she said, \'93If that\'92s what life is going to be from now on, we might as well do what we can to enjoy it.\'94\
\'93I like this girl, Jonathan,\'94 said Roderick. \'93She has fire.\'94\
Miss Monday grinned.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://0F3B9F62-BFF6-40BD-9213-2BDE978CE05B"}}{\fldrslt Jonathan returned her smile. True, she did have fire. The thing about fire, though, is that it was dangerous. Beautiful, to be certain, but wild. Unpredictable. And while Miss Monday could play the part of a lady, Jonathan knew that she was not the delicate woman she looked like on the surface. What was it that Parson Sinews had said? 
\i We are all moths, drawn to the flame
\i0 . But if Jonathan was being honest, it was Miss Monday\'92s danger that drew him to her, and at the same time frightened him.}}\
He looked back at Palmer, who continued as if uninterrupted. \'93When the Resurrectionists found out about the laboratory, they began to make arrangements to take it over. Rather than let that happen, we offered to work with them. We provided unrestricted access to the lab, believing that this would make it easier to monitor their activities. We now know that even though we were able to keep an eye on them, they were still able to keep secrets from us. We knew about Dead London, but we didn\'92t know they planned to begin the experiment so soon. What you have to understand, though, is that even if we had all the information, it would have been impossible to stop the Resurrectionists. Their identities are such closely guarded secrets, it\'92s impossible to even know how many of them there are. We do know that they have members in all areas of society. Not just scientists, but policemen, soldiers, even aristocrats\'97Lord Connor being just one example. Rumor has it that even Queen Victoria is sympathetic to the Resurrectionist cause.\'94\
\'93Queen Victoria supported the idea of turning London into a city of the dead?\'94 Jonathan scoffed.\
\'93The Resurrectionists believe they can conquer death. Queen Victoria is getting old. She was promised immortality. Yes, we believe she supported the Dead London Project.\'94\
Jonathan fell silent and took a sip of tea. He nibbled on a treacle tart, as he stared at Palmer. The tart was probably the first thing he\'92d eaten in days, now that he thought about it.\
Palmer was badly wounded, his shoulder bandaged with a strip of cloth from Miss Monday\'92s skirt. He tried to hide a grimace as he lifted his teacup to his lips. Blood had seeped through his bandage.\
\'93So,\'94 said Roderick, \'93The Resurrectionists believe they can use the Lazarus Virus to cheat death? And to do so, they need to find someone who possesses a natural immunity?\'94\
Palmer nodded.\
\'93It begs the question,\'94 Roderick continued, \'93Suppose we manage to come up with a way to stop the Resurrectionists, to defeat them once and for all\'97should we?\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94 asked KasKass, who\'92d been silent all this time. \'93Surely we should stop them if given the chance.\'94\
\'93Even if that means the city will be overrun by zombies with no hope of a cure?\'94 Roderick countered.\
\'93The Resurrectionists are not the only scientists in the world. If we could find someone with an immunity to the virus\'97before they do\'97could we not find a cure on our own?\'94 asked KasKass.\
\'93There are 
\i years\'92
\i0   worth of research in that laboratory,\'94 said Palmer. \'93Without that research, a cure could take years, decades even.\'94\
\'93Good then!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, \'93We have our answer. We\'92ll simply have to steal the research back.\'94\
Miss Monday sat upright and grinned. \'93Did someone say 
\i steal
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93Ah, yes,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Did I mention\'97Miss Monday is a cat burglar.\'94\
\'93Never liked that term. Hate cats. I like to call it what it is. I\'92m a thief.\'94 \
\'93Thief it is.\'94 Jonathan flashed a smile at her.\
\'93Speaking of thievery,\'94 she said, \'93something\'92s., \'93sSomething\'92s that\'92s been bothering me. It was the Resurrectionists that put me up to robbing Connor\'92s safe. But we now know they already had access to the virus. Whatever they wanted me to steal from Connor, it was more than just the virus. When I mentioned the 
\i green liquid
\i0  I took from Connor\'92s safe, Dr. Jekyll said that Francis Varney\'92s contribution to the 
\i Dead London Project 
\i0 was a means of distributing the virus. According to Dr. Jekyll, this green liquid, which contains the virus, is easily converted into gaseous form. Why did Lord Connor have Varney\'92s green liquid in his safe?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyes widened. He took something from his pocket, and showed it to Miss Monday. The scrap of paper with burnt edges. 
\i Lord Henry Connor is Francis Varney.
\i0 \
\'93That explains it. They had the virus; what they didn\'92t have was a means of distributing it. Varney\'92s solution, combined with Anthony Tidkins\'92 clockwork bird, made it easy for them spread the virus,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93And I helped them do it. God, I feel sick.\'94\
Hastily, she set aside her tea and got out of her seat. \'93Would you excuse me a moment, gentlemen? Clockwork parts to wind.\'94\
She crossed the large room, found herself a table and a mirror, far enough from Jonathan and Mr. Palmer that she could wind up her gears without interrupting their tea, but close enough that she could still follow the conversation.\
\'93So what now?\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We just head back to the Grimmer Company, break in, steal their research? Simple as that?\'94\
\'93Yes, well, if it\'92s not too much to ask, I\'92d like to stop at home first,\'94 said Roderick.\
Jonathan inclined his head, wondering if his friend had something up his sleeve.\
\'93I need to check on Bailey,\'94 Roderick explained. \'93Poor boy\'92s been home alone all day.\'94\
\'93
\i Then
\i0  we break in to the secret lab and steal the research?\'94 asked Miss Monday.\
\'93Unless I\'92ve missed something, there\'92s still the matter of the individual with the immunity to the virus,\'94 said KasKass.\
\'93About that,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93Mr. Palmer suggested that 
\i I
\i0  might be immune.\'94\
\'93What? Why would she be immune?\'94 asked KasKass, turning to Palmer.\
Miss Monday answered. \'93For one, because I\'92ve already been infected, and I have no symptoms of the virus,\'94 she said. Jonathan stared at her in alarm. \'93And for another thing, it\'92s not the first time I\'92ve been exposed to the virus.\'94\
\'93My god!\'94 Ollie exclaimed.\
Jonathan\'92s mouth hung open. \'93What do you mean? When?\'94\
Miss Monday finished winding her clockwork. She fit her prosthetic eye back into its socket with a click, and got up to rejoin them.\
\'93There\'92s something you should know,\'94 she said. \'93Something you should all know about me.\'94}