{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 I regained consciousness somewhat gradually. I have hazy recollections of those few moments of semi-consciousness. Blurry memories of a brightly lit room. The distinctly muffled voices of the doctors.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 I remember being in a bed somewhere, twisting and turning as I woke. My head was pounding, and it was difficult to think. I remember seeing Jack\'97though it might just as well have been Dr. Karnstein\'97as I only had vision in one eye, and his face was masked.\
I could hear his voice, too, but I could only make out some of the words. My ears felt like they were ringing, and they felt as if they\'92d been stuffed with cotton.\
I heard him call outourt for someone named Camille. I had no idea who Camille might have been, although looking back it seems obvious that this was Mircalla Karnstein\'92s real name. I heard him telling her no. No, insistently.\
\'93We have to, Jack,\'94 she said in her thick French accent. \'93You know we have to.\'94\
I was surprised to hear her use his real name. I knew him as Jack, but I\'92d assumed that Dr. Karnstein knew him by his pseudonym.\
Jack argued with her. \'93We can fix her,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s not too late, but we must act now.\'94\
Whatever was said next, I cannot recall, but I do remember Dr. Karnstein asking about my eye.\
The next time I awoke, I felt immediately as though something was different. There was pain, that was one thing, but that was not the whole of it. The world looked different. It felt different. I could see details I\'92d never been able to see before. The precision of my eyesight was remarkable. I felt like a blind man being given a pair of spectacles for the first time.\
But as I blinked my eyes, I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach. I had the sudden horrific memory of a zombie digging its hands into my flesh and plucking my eye from its socket. There were no eyelashes upon my cheek when I blinked my eye. Instinctively I reached up with my arm to feel for what was wrong.\'94
\i0 \
Annabel hesitated. Even after unburdening herself of everything she\'92d told them, she was hesitant to share the rest. She was embarrassed. She hated talking about the mechanical part of her. It made her feel inhuman.
\i \
I stumbled out of bed, still unsteady on my feet, and sought out a looking glass. I found one, a small mirror that sat on the nightstand. I picked it up with my good arm\'97the other one having been ravaged by the zombies\'97and held it up to my face.\
I hardly recognized myself. My hair was knotted and disheveled, as if I\'92d been asleep for days. My face was bruised. And there was a bright pink gash that ran down my face, intersecting that foreign object that had replaced my eye.\
I reached up and explored the device with the fingers of my left hand. I was amazed that I could still see with both eyes. I could see better with that one eye than I could with the other. The effect was dizzying. Unfamiliar. I felt my way around the device with my hand, searching for a latch or a button that would releasereleased the contraption from my face.\
Eventually I found one. There was a clicking sound and the hiss of air releasing. Instantly my vision changed. I could only see with my left eye now; I was at once relieved and disturbed by the sudden change.\
I felt nauseous. I began to remove the straps that kept the prosthesis in place. At last, I looked away. I could not yet bear to look at my face without at least something covering the gaping hole where my eye had been removed. There was searing pain when I moved my good eye to look away.\
And there was Jack, standing in the doorway.\
\'93How do you feel?\'94 he asked me.\
For a long time, I did not answer him. I thought the answer must have been obvious, anyway. I felt horrid. Couldn\'92t he see? I\'92d lost my eye. And as I thought of those sick and wretched faces I\'92d cut down as they\'92d tried to devour me, I believed I\'92d also lost my soul. I hated him for sending me in there.\
\'93You did well,\'94 he said.\
I snorted. If that were true, I thought, I would not have lost so much.\
\'93What have you done to me?\'94 I asked eventually. I held out my mechanical eye, practically shoving it in his face.\
\'93I\'92ve saved your life,\'94 he said. And though I couldn\'92t see his face through his mask, I could tell he was smiling. It was in the tone of his voice. He was proud of what he\'92d done. He wasn\'92t talking about the clockwork eye, though. Somehow, Jack had saved me from the virus. He said that it should have killed me, should have turned me into a zombie. I didn\'92t understand what it meant that I had survived the zombie infection.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 \'93It meant you had some natural immunity,\'94 said Palmer. \'93And having survived your infection, it is possible you are now immunized against the virus. Your blood holds the key to the cure for Lazarus.\'94\
\'93Possibly,\'94 Annabel admitted.\
\'93What happened to Papa Doc?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
\'93I don\'92t recall,\'94 Annabel answered.\
Her memory was mostly blanks. But in truth, she knew exactly what became of him. She knew, because she remembered planning it, before she blanked out. Like a fallen angel, with black wings drenched in blood, she descended onto Papa Doc\'92s balcony and broke into his home. And waking him by softly calling his name, she placed the zombie upon his bed and let it crawl towards his face.
\i \
After a while, I heard the sharp sound of Jack\'92s footsteps as he turned and walked down the hall, away from me. And for a long time, I did not see him again. Until recently.\

\i0 Annabel looked directly at Jonathan Grimmer. She looked at Abraham Palmer, and Oliver Lockwood, KasKass, and R\'e9my. It was strange that these people\'97these strangers\'97had become her allies in so short a time. Annabel didn\'92t trust easily. She had little choice but to trust them now.\
\'93The man I knew as Jack Bernhardt goes by another name these days. You know him as Anthony Tidkins, The Resurrection Man.\'94\
Stunned silence followed Annabel\'92s revelation. In the quiet, still house, they heard a distant scream from outside. It sounded like Roderick Steen\'92s voice.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Twenty-Eight\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93Modest lamentation is the right of the dead;\
Excessive grief is the enemy of the living.\'94\
\
- Shakespeare\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Roderick screamed. His vision swam as he blinked back tears and choked back the vomit that threatened to spill from his throat. \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 Bailey
\i0 , he thought in horror. 
\i Oh, god, Bailey!\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 He turned and fled. It was all he could do. It was too late to save his furry friend.\
Behind him, a dead man shoveled mouthfuls of meat and fur into his mouth, and Roderick could still hear him chewing. It was deafening. He lost his footing, fell to the ground, headfirst. Slammed into the hard stone, but barely felt it. He scrambled to rise, but he hurt more than he realized. It was difficult to move.\
He felt a warm tongue on his face and reeled back in panic, and screamed again. In a moment, he was back on his feet and was turning to flee. But as he ran, he spared a glance back at the creature that had licked his face. Standing there, wagging his tail happily, was Bailey.\
He blinked in confusion. He looked back at the zombie who still stood there, noisily chewing. He looked back again at Bailey. Unharmed. Untouched. Whatever the zombie was eating, it wasn\'92t his dog.\
\'93Good god, Bailey, you worried me!\'94\
Confusion turned to relief. He reached down and scooped up his dog into his arms, cradled him like a child, and Bailey returned his affection as dogs do, licking the dirt from his face.\
\'93Must have been a rat,\'94 he muttered. London was teeming with rats, now fat with the flesh of the dead in their bellies.\
But there was little time to rejoice in his reunion with Bailey. The dead man had finished his meal and had begun to advance toward the duo, mouth still bloody but clearly still hungry.\
Roderick turned to flee, and nearly stumbled into another shadowy figure, which blocked his path and snarled.\
He stepped back. There were more of them behind the zombie nearest him. In each direction, at least a dozen of them shuffled forward in the dark. His screams must have drawn them.\
Bailey in his arms. He drew his gun and fired six shots. Six bodies fell, and his gun was empty. He drew his cane-sword.\
The dead men continued to close in, climbing over the bodies of the fallen, while Roderick continued to back up. He inched further from one cluster of zombies but closer to the other. But as he backed up through the dark, foggy alleyway, he spotted a door.\
The side door to some shop, or somebody\'92s house, Roderick wasn\'92t sure which.\
He put his hand on the knob and tried the door. He swore. It was locked.\
The wood was old, splintered, the doorknob flimsy. Perhaps he could force it open. Not with Bailey in his arms though. He set the dog down. The zombies continued to move in on them.\
\'93Stay,\'94 he said, sternly.\
Then he slammed into the door, putting his shoulder into it. It looked like the flimsy, structurally unsound sort of door that might cave in under a hard shoulder-check, but the door did not yield. He tried again, slamming into it with all his weight.\
Bailey began to bark.\
Again, Roderick slammed into the door, and again, it refused to budge.\
Meanwhile, the dead men closed in, shuffling slowly on limbs stiffened by rigor mortis.\
Bravely, Bailey tried to fend them off with his bark, yapping loudly to ward them off. Still, they advanced, paying him no mind, even as he snapped at their ankles. Roderick shouted at him to stay, but they weren\'92t interested in Bailey. Not with Roderick so close they could almost reach out and touch him.\
\'93There\'92s a good dog,\'94 he said. \'93Keep them busy, my friend. This is it. One last shot.\'94\
He stepped back as far as he could and aimed once more for the door, putting everything he could into it.}