{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jonathan sat up, nursing an awful headache. He blinked and looked around. It took a few moments, despite the familiarity of his surroundings, for Jonathan to figure out where the hell he was. He was still on the airship. 
\i Why was he still on the airship?
\i0  He was supposed to be headed to the tailor across the street from the Grimmer Company, and searching for the hidden entrance to the underground facility. It was an experience Jonathan was familiar with, waking up with no recollection of how he\'92d gotten there, but on this particular occasion there was no smell of alcohol on his breath. He certainly had the headache and foggy memory he associated with a hangover, but he was sure he hadn\'92t been drinking.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 As the fog cleared from his mind, he began to remember what had happened. After Miss Monday had described her plan, the crew had begun to file out the door. As Jonathan turned to leave, he\'92d been forestalled by a hand on his shoulder.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 \'93A moment of your time, Jonathan?\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 It was Abraham Palmer.\
Jonathan pulled himself to his feet, and surveyed the empty room. The bartender had been dismissed, so Jonathan grabbed a bottle from behind the bar and took a swig to ease the ache in his head.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 \'93
\i0 Of course
\i ,\'94
\i0  he remembered answering.\
As he\'92d told Miss Monday, Jonathan trusted Palmer. After all, Jonathan\'92s parents had been so consumed by their business with the Grimmer Company that Jonathan had practically been raised by servants, and by the employees at the printing company. Palmer had been more of a father to him than Charles Grimmer ever had. Everything that he\'92d learned about the printing business he\'92d learned from Palmer.\

\i \'93
\i0 I\'92d like to ask you something, and I\'92d like to be direct, if I may,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, taking a seat at the tea table and directing Jonathan to do the same. When Jonathan was settled, Palmer continued, \'93There was a moment in your childhood. You must have been about seven or eight years old. I wanted to know if you remembered it.\'94
\i \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 \'93What moment?\'94 Jonathan asked.
\i \

\i0 \'93Ah, so you don\'92t remember?\'94 Palmer replied. \'93The doctor said you might not. You weren\'92t yourself at the time, after all.\'94
\i \

\i0 \'93What?\'94 Jonathan said. He wasn\'92t following. Not at all.\
What had Palmer meant? Jonathan took another swig of absinthe, straight from the bottle, and headed to the library, where his father had kept his gun collection. His gun had been removed from his belt.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 \'93
\i0 You were exposed to the Lazarus Virus
\i .\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 He remembered Palmer\'92s words, though he had no memory of the incident Palmer was describing.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 \'93
\i0 We don\'92t know how you contracted the virus, but it was an earlier strain. You were feverish, delirious. You weren\'92t yourself. It\'92s a blessing you don\'92t remember it.\'94
\i \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 \'93I remember\'85being sick. I remember having a fever.\'94
\i \

\i0 \'93It was no ordinary fever. Under the careful ministrations of Dr. Allen, you recovered from your illness. But that was not the end of things. A servant had been bitten. She took to the fever, and was sent home to recover. Of course, she didn\'92t recover; she got worse. The virus spreads easily. A bite. A scratch. Your
\i YourJonathan\'92s
\i0  father began trying to track down incidences of attacks involving the
\i  
\i0 infected, hunting down the zombies, throwing their bodies into the Thames, and covering up their deaths. Eventually, a more sophisticated means of dealing with the virus became necessary. The virus was impossible to contain. That was why your father built the laboratory beneath the Grimmer Company. It\'92s also why I believe the Resurrectionists are our only chance of finding a cure.\'94\
Jonathan felt sick. He grabbed two pistols, shoved one in his belt, and kept the other in his hand. He swallowed another mouthful of liquor, but his head still ached. He made his way to the window and looked outside. They were still moored in place, floating near the Grimmer Company.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 \'93
\i0 The first batch of the antiserum was derived from corvine birds, which possess a natural resistance to the virus. Not all animals do, you see. So, crows became a subject of interest to Dr. Allen. He believed, given their natural immunity, that they might allow him to synthesize an antiserum. Apparently his obsession was passed on to his assistant, Jack Bernhardt.
\i \'94
\i0 \
Jonathan tried to remember how he knew that name. Jack Bernhardt? Wasn\'92t that the name of the man who hired Miss Monday to steal Papa Doc\'92s research in Haiti? The man who later became Anthony Tidkins? And wasn\'92t Dr. Allen his mentor? His mind was sluggish. He\'92d been drugged.\

\i \'93
\i0 Through his research, Dr. Allen became unintentionally exposed to the virus. Lazarus works in two stages. In stage one, the virus slowly kills the host body. It is only in stage two that the body becomes a zombie. As Dr. Allen was in stage one, he became useful as a test subject for the antiserum. If the Resurrectionists could cure that stage of the virus, we could harness immortality; the virus would act only to keep the body alive after death, but without the other negative side effects: necrosis, rot, the primal urge to eat living flesh.\
\'93The infected would not be zombies, but undead. The antiserum actually showed promise. It worked to a point, preventing the virus from killing him, but it was still not a cure. Dr. Allen was dying; we were only delaying the inevitable. He believed that crows would not suffice to provide a cure. The cure had to come from humans. Humans who\'92d been exposed to Lazarus and survived.\'94
\i \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 \'93Like me and Miss Monday, you mean,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Palmer answered. \'93Of course, Mrs. Grimmer forbid the Resurrectionists from using you as their test subject. I tried to persuade them to use only Miss Monday, to stay away from you. But Miss Monday proved elusive. But the Resurrectionists had another solution. The Dead London Project. If your mother had simply been willing to give you up, that could have been prevented. Still, once they find the cure, this will all be set to rights.
\i \'94\

\i0 Jonathan\'92s mind was whirling. So many things just didn\'92t add up. Even working from within, how could Palmer know so much?\
\'93Once we find a cure, you mean? After we recover their research, we\'92ll find a cure, as we discussed. We don\'92t need the Resurrectionists.\'94\
Palmer laughed. \'93Don\'92t be naive,\'94 said Palmer. \'93The Resurrectionists have been studying the virus for years. Anthony Tidkins is still our best hope of finding a cure for Lazarus.\'94
\i \

\i0 Jonathan pushed his chair back a little, watching Palmer uneasily. Palmer twitched when Jonathan moved his chair.\
\'93I don\'92t care,\'94 Jonathan said, his tone challenging Palmer, brooking no argument. \'93We\'92re not getting into bed with the Resurrectionists, not after what they\'92ve done. They need to be stopped. We\'92ll find a cure without their help.\'94\
\'93I was afraid you might say that,\'94 said Palmer. \'93That\'92s why I put something in your drink.\'94\
\'93What did you put in my drink?\'94
\i \

\i0 Whatever it was, its effects were already working their way through his body. Jonathan felt drowsy. He tried to stand. His knees collapsed. He hit the ground hard
\i .
\i0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 \'93
\i0 Bastard,\'94 Jonathan groaned as his eyelids grew as heavy as lead weights. \'93What do you intend to do?\'94
\i \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B3FB834A-14A9-4EA5-B8D4-EE5BE2FB43CE"}}{\fldrslt 
\i0 \cf0 Palmer\'92s voice sounded slow, and hollow, as Jonathan lost consciousness. \'93Miss Monday is going to kill Anthony Tidkins, given half a chance. I intend to stop her, by any means necessary.\'94}}\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc

\i0 \cf0 Chapter Thirty-Three\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.\'94\
\
- Woodrow Wilson\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Roderick kept expecting zombies to leap out at him from beneath the hydrangeas, as he crossed the driveway of the Grimmer Company. \cb2 His nerves were on edge from his numerous encounters with the hungry dead, and from too little sleep, and if he was being honest with himself, from overdoing it with the cocaine\cb1 . But he blamed the Resurrectionists for R\'e9my\'92s death, and he would see them pay for it. Until then, he would just have to deal with his fraying nerves.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 He jumped again as a shadow moved in his peripheral. Just a tree swaying in the wind, he reassured himself. The zombie virus wouldn\'92t hav                               ehave spread to this part of the city yet. Not if the Resurrectionists were hiding out here. They would have taken care not to distribute Lazarus in this neighborhood.\
\'93You don\'92t shit where you eat,\'94 he muttered, crassly.\
A sour expression on his face, his feet feeling cramped by his shoes, he climbed the steps to the front door. He stole a glance inside the window. It looked like business as usual inside, although the place was more deserted than usual. Given that zombies were rampaging through the city, he imagined that most of the printing company\'92s employees had left early, either to go home to look after their families, or to get out of the city. It was difficult to imagine why anyone would have stayed to finish their workday, but if they hadn\'92t actually 
\i seen
\i0  any zombies, they might not understand just how bad it was.\
As he approached the door, he adopted the role of the beleaguered travelertraveller. As if he\'92d gone through an ordeal to get here, he staggered up the steps, grasped at the door handle, and stumbled into the lobby. He panted as if with exhaustion and looked around warily for any sign of zombies. As he caught sight of the receptionist, he took a step back and gasped.\
\'93Can I help you?\'94 asked Mrs. Thompson, putting her hands up placatingly.\
Roderick took a moment to stare fearfully at her, acting as though uncertain that she wasn\'92t a zombie. Of course, he could tell straightaway that she was human. The signs of affliction were obvious.\
\'93You\'92re not\'85one of them?\'94 he stammered.\
\'93Is it really so bad as we\'92ve been hearing?\'94 she asked. \'93We\'92ve been getting reports about the situation, but we haven\'92t had any incidents here. You\'92re quite safe now, I assure you.\'94\
\'93Oh, thank god,\'94 Roderick said, breathing an exaggerated sigh of relief. \'93You would not believe what I went through to get here.\'94\
\'93I can imagine\'97\'94 she said, and broke off, squinting at his face. \'93Don\'92t I know you?\'94\
\'93Roderick Steen,\'94 he said.\
\'93Of course! Mr. Grimmer\'92s friend, isn\'92t that right?\'94 she answered. \'93I\'92m sorry I didn\'92t recognize you right away. It\'92s been quite a day for me as well. I imagine you\'92re here to see Mr. Grimmer. I\'92m afraid he isn\'92t here. Would you like to wait here for him? I can make up a pot of tea while you wait.\'94\
\'93Actually, I\'92m here to see Mrs. Grimmer.\'94\
\'93Mrs. Grimmer?\'94 the receptionist repeated. \'93I\'92m afraid she isn\'92t in, either.\'94\
\'93No matter,\'94 said Roderick. \'93I\'92ll simply wait in her office.\'94\
Before she could object, he stepped around her, made his way into the hallway, and headed down it.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he called as he continued along the hall. A moment later, he popped back into the lobby. \'93Which door is it?\'94\
With an exasperated sigh, she at least took pity on him.\
\'93Last door on the left.\'94\
He flashed his teeth at her, mouthed the word 
\i thanks
\i0 , and returned to the hallway, making his way to the appropriate door.\
He stepped into the office and closed the door. As Mrs. Thompson had warned, Mrs. Grimmer wasn\'92t in.\
Asking for directions had been a ploy. Roderick had been to the Grimmer Company often enough to know his way around. When Roderick\'92s father had worked for the police, Charles Grimmer had interviewed him on a couple of occasions, which is how he\'92d first met Jonathan. Later, when Roderick began to help the police with their investigation into the Resurrection Man\'92s murders, Mr. Grimmer had interview Roderick a number of times as well. Roderick had visited Jonathan at work a number of times too. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FE05BAF8-3478-480D-9625-A4861492CAAA"}}{\fldrslt There was a time when Roderick had hoped their friendship might have been more than that. For a while, he had visited Jonathan every day of the week. Eventually, he\'92d realized that their friendship was just that\'97friendship\'97but by then they had already become inseparable. He wondered if Jonathan had known how Roderick had felt about him.}}\
He opened the door again, and crept into the hallway. The constant hammering of the printing machines was enough to provide him cover. Little stealth was required, and if he happened to be discovered, he figured he could always feign ignorance. 
\i Which way to Mrs. Grimmer\'92s office, again, 
\i0 he would say.\
He hurried down the hall to the company library. The large room, which housed the company\'92s newspaper and magazine archives, as well as copies of the company\'92s most popular penny dreadfuls, featured a set of double doors at its entrance. Both were locked.\
Roderick wished he had Miss Monday with him. If he survived this ordeal, he\'92d have to get her to teach him how to pick locks. He figured he could probably break in without her assistance, but it would be much easier if he didn\'92t have to. He decided, instead, to try a bit of masculine charm. He returned to the lobby. Mrs. Thompson looked up from her desk in surprise.\
\'93You mentioned something about tea?\'94 he said, flashing a smile. \'93You were right, of course.\'94\
\'93About?\'94\
\'93Mrs. Grimmer wasn\'92t in her office. I thought, perhaps, I could take my tea in the library while I wait,\'94 he said. \'93I don\'92t suppose you have a key, Miss\'97\'94\
\'93
\i Mrs.
\i0  Thompson.\'94\
\'93Ah, missus,\'94 he said, managing to sound disappointed. \'93You\'92re married, then?\'94\
\'93Widowed,\'94 Mrs. Thompson answered.\
Roderick affected a little gasp of surprise. \'93Oh, goodness, I\'92m sorry. I didn\'92t mean to pry,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92m sorry for your loss.\'94\
\'93Thank you, Mr. Steen. That\'92s very kind. I\'92ll show you to the library, and then I\'92ll put the kettle on. How do you take your tea?\'94\
\'93Sweet,\'94 he answered. \'93Very sweet.\'94}