{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rung after rung, Jonathan descended the rope ladder with the memory of Palmer\'92s betrayal playing over and over again in his mind. He kept thinking of Miss Monday, who had gone down into the underground lair of the Resurrectionists with Palmer. She\'92d warned Jonathan that she didn\'92t trust him, and Jonathan had vouched for him.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 Miss Monday is going to kill Anthony Tidkins, given half a chance. I intend to stop her, by any means necessary.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 Jonathan wondered if it was already too late{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DDFB5A4E-46D4-48E1-BBF0-E231C95ACC98"}}{\fldrslt . He didn\'92t know how long he\'92d been unconscious}}. Hopefully it hadn\'92t been long. Suddenly he lost his footing. He found it again just as quickly, but he reminded himself to pay more attention to what he was doing.\
He climbed down until he hung just a few feet above the ground. Then he let go. He landed hard on the grass, and tumbled to the ground. Shakily, he got to his feet. It felt good to be back on solid ground. He dusted himself off and crossed the lawn to the large angular building.\
He walked through the front door like he owned the place; incidentally, he did own the place. Mrs. Thompson was noticeably absent from her desk. The lobby was deserted. He headed through the printing room. The workforce was down to a skeleton crew. They looked up as Jonathan entered the room.\
\'93What are you all doing here?\'94 he asked. \'93Go home. Take the rest of the day off. Take the week! I expect London will be evacuated shortly.\'94\
The workers looked up in confusion. He supposed that many of them had known his father but probably didn\'92t know Jonathan. Perhaps they didn\'92t even realize he was their boss.\
\'93My name is Jonathan Grimmer,\'94 he said loudly. \'93I value your loyalty, and I appreciate your efforts to keep the company running throughout this situation. I\'92m sure you\'92re all apprised of the situation\'97after all, you\'92re printing it\'97but if you haven\'92t been out there, perhaps you don\'92t believe the stories. I assure you, they\'92re all true. Pack up your belongings, and clear out. If the city\'92s still standing in a week, you may return to your jobs. Until then, you are all dismissed, with pay. Consider it a holiday.\'94\
They didn\'92t need to be told again. Whether or not they thought their new boss was insane or eccentric, or whether they believed him, Jonathan didn\'92t know. Nor did he care. He just didn\'92t want any collateral damage in the fight with the Resurrectionists. He didn\'92t need the blood on his hands.\
As the workers cleared out, Jonathan headed down the hall to Palmer\'92s office. He wondered how Roderick had fared with finding the staircase in the library. Jonathan was supposed to have taken the tailor\'92s entrance, according to Annabel\'92s plan. No time for that now.\
The elevator was the most obvious entrance, and it was also the loudest. No doubt the Resurrectionists would hear him coming. But it was also the quickest way down, and Jonathan wasn\'92t about to waste time looking through the tailor\'92s shop. He opened the door to Palmer\'92s office, grabbed the trick book that activated the elevator, and waited.\
A gap opened up in the floor. The elevator rose through it. Jonathan stepped inside, flicked on the lights, and pulled the lever. The elevator clanked noisily, and began to head down into the dark.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Thirty-Four\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93Anthony Tidkins was dressed in a most miserable manner\'85 He was thin and emaciated; his eyes were sunken; his cheeks hollow; and his entire countenance more cadaverous and ghastly than ever.\'94\
\
- George W.M. Reynolds, 
\i The Mysteries Of London\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 Annabel stared hard at Abraham Palmer. Although she\'92d never trusted him for a second, she still felt betrayed. She realized it was because she was thinking of how Jonathan felt about Palmer. Jonathan had trusted Palmer with his life. He would be devastated when he learned of Palmer\'92s deceit.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93Kick the crossbow over here,\'94 he said.\
She did as she asked without arguing.\
\'93And your other guns,\'94 he said, gesturing meaningfully at the pistols in her belt.\
She did as he asked. Tense silence followed, as he continued to point his gun at her. She wondered if this was how she was going to die. After all the zombies she\'92d encountered, the thought that she\'92d be killed by a living, breathing human being seemed a cruel twist of fate.\
\'93Why?\'94 she wanted to know.\
He shrugged.\
\'93At first, I really was loyal to Thomas Grimmer and his secret society. I truly believed we could fight back against the Resurrectionists from the inside, as did Mrs. Grimmer. But we were too late. I\'92m simply trying to be realistic, as we should have done from the onset. Much as I\'92d love to see them pay for what they\'92ve done, we 
\i need
\i0  them. I truly believe they are our best chance.\'94\
\'93You saved my life,\'94 she said. \'93You helped me get out of this place. You shot at your fellow Resurrectionists. You took a bullet for me!\'94\
\'93Yes, well, 
\i that
\i0  wasn\'92t the plan,\'94 he admitted. \'93And I only helped you to keep Jonathan from getting caught up in all this. Whatever you may think of me, you should know that I never meant for Jonathan to get hurt.\'94\
\'93So what happens now? Are you going to kill me?\'94\
\'93Guess we\'92ll see what Anthony Tidkins wants to do with you. Maybe he\'92ll want to ship you off to Chateau D\'92If to join Mr. Sinews.\'94\
He gestured with the gun, directing her to the hallway. He closed the door behind him, keeping his gun trained on her all the while. But even with the gun pointed at her, this might be her best chance to regain control of the situation.\
She stepped towards him suddenly, sidestepping to anticipate his gunshot. As predicted, Palmer\'92s eyes widened, and he pulled the trigger. The bullet grazed her left arm, and exploded into a test tube behind her.\
Wincing in pain, she struck at his gun arm. The weapon flew from his hand. She watched as it slid along the floor, well out of reach. She slammed her knee into Mr. Palmer\'92s gut. He doubled over, but she wasn\'92t finished with him yet. She followed up with an uppercut to his jaw with her mechanical arm, knocking a tooth loose.\
He spat blood onto the floor and retaliated with a right hook, catching her off guard. He hit her cheek, and she staggered back. Even as she was struggling to regain her balance, he hit her again, this time square in the eye. He hit her again, each blow more brutal than the last. She fell to the floor.\
She watched as he turned away from her, slowly, confidently making his way to the gun. She crawled to her feet. The scientists, recognizing that the tables had turned, had retrieved their weapons, and had them pointed at Annabel. Dr. Jekyll, fortunately, was unarmed, and was preoccupied with breathing through his oxygen tank. Palmer was headed over to grab his gun.\
\'93I\'92m not finished with you yet,\'94 she told him.\
He paused, turned around, and scoffed at her. Her lip was bloody, her eye was swollen. She looked like she could barely stand upright. He turned away, again going for the gun.\
Sizing up the scientists whose guns were trained on her, she slowly backed towards the door.\
\'93Stop!\'94 they warned her, but she kept backing up, until she had reached the door. Still, they didn\'92t shoot. Finally, she turned around and dashed through the door. As she did, they began to fire, but she was through the door before they began firing.\
She ducked into the hallway. They ceased fire, and Annabel took a moment to wipe the blood from her nose. She listened as a set of footsteps made their way to the door. A moment later, Palmer strode through the door, gun pointed. Annabel was waiting.\
She grabbed Palmer\'92s wrist, twisted it until he was forced to drop it. He cried out in surprise. He must have been expecting her to run. He probably thought he\'92d be able to shoot her in the back while she was running away. But Annabel wasn\'92t interested in running away.\
She leveled a kick at Palmer\'92s shin, making him cry out in pain. She thought she heard the crunch of bone. She hoped she\'92d broken something.\
Palmer limped, grasping his leg, and tried to retreat into the lab. Annabel attacked while his back was turned, this time kicking him hard in the soft spot behind the knee. He hit the ground hard and landed on his knee. Annabel gave him a hard shove on the back, and Palmer fell flat on his face.\
She grabbed the gun, relieved to feel it in her hand.\
She stood up, aimed the gun at the back of Palmer\'92s skull, and cocked the pistol. But before she could pull the trigger, she heard a voice from behind her, muffled by a Resurrectionist\'92s mask.\
In the heat of the moment, she\'92d almost forgotten where she was. She should have been on the lookout for more Resurrectionists. She kept her foot on Palmer\'92s back to keep him pinned to the floor, and looked over her shoulder. She felt her heart leap up into her throat.\
How he\'92d crept up on her so silently, she hadn\'92t the slightest idea, but she recognized him immediately.\
His mask was strapped to his head, but he\'92d pulled it up so that it sat atop his forehead instead of on his face. It was 
\i him
\i0 . Anthony Tidkins. The Resurrection Man. Scientist, leader of the Resurrectionists. The man who destroyed London.\
\'93Jack,\'94 she breathed.}