{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The scientists were sounding the alarm, a deafening, undulating sound that Annabel had heard the last time she'd visited the Resurrectionist facility.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 She returned her attention to Palmer, who was trying to get up. She kicked him in the back, and he grunted in pain. She looked again at Anthony Tidkins.\
\'93Is it really too late?\'94 she asked him, having to shout to be heard over the alarm.\
\'93For us?\'94 he asked.\
Tidkins had taken off his mask, which he now held in one hand. His face was as familiar to her as her own. In all the time she\'92d known him, he\'92d barely changed in appearance. But his demeanor had changed. The way he looked at her now, he was a completely different person, a stranger. Part of her wondered, though, if he had really changed at all. Maybe it was just her.\
\'93For London, I mean,\'94 she said. Careful not to let her emotion show, she looked him in the eye and with careful inflection, she said, \'93It is most definitely too late for us.\'94\
He nodded. \'93Fair enough,\'94 he said, as the siren sound came to an end.\
Perhaps she was mistaken, but she thought she detected a hint of regret in his pale pink eyes, a note of sadness in his voice. 
\i Damn him
\i0 . 
\i What did she care about his feelings?
\i0  He was a mass murderer. She felt sick just thinking about what he had done. And yet, at one time, she had thought of him like a brother. A part of her always would feel that way about him, she realized.\
\'93It isn\'92t too late for London,\'94 he said. \'93Once I find a cure\'97\'93\'97\'93\
Her stomach tightened. \'93
\i If
\i0  you find a cure,\'94 she said, \'93And even then it will still be too late. What about all those people who\'92ve been killed by your zombies?\'94\
She thought about R\'e9my. She hadn\'92t really known him, but he\'92d seemed like a sweet young man. Innocent, and in love. And now he was dead. A victim of Dead London.\
\'93It will be worth it,\'94 he answered. \'93I will have cured death. No one else will need to die. Not 
\i ever
\i0 .\'94\
Annabel thought she might be sick. She couldn\'92t concentrate on Anthony Tidkins and on Palmer at the same time. She decided to simplify things. She slammed the butt of her gun into Palmer\'92s skull with her mechanical arm. He slumped to the floor, unconscious. Or dead, Annabel could hardly care less.\
\'93You want to cure death so bad you\'92d destroy a city of millions? Why is this so important to you?\'94\
\'93Because my father is dying,\'94 he said simply.\
It took her only a moment.\
\'93You mean Dr. Allen?\'94 she asked. \'93Not your real father.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://724CB574-CE54-46EE-AC3A-EB6049731EBB"}}{\fldrslt \'93}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://23E0BDFD-18D4-47C0-963A-03EC39BC28D0"}}{\fldrslt Dr. Allen 
\i is
\i0  my real father,\'94 he said. \'93I was his bastard son. He and my mother gave me up for adoption. Dr. Allen\'92s wife wouldn\'92t let him keep me, and the my mother was in a similar position. My adoptive parents were unable to have children of their own. When my adoptive mother died, my father came to resent me, as if it was somehow my fault. He sent me to live with Dr. Allen; he and his wife had divorced by then. My adoptive father told me I was to be Dr. Allen\'92s apprentice. Allen was a renowned surgeon, and my father wanted me to be trained by him. It was only later, much later, that I learned the real reason I\'92d been sent to Dr. Allen. Dr. Allen was my father.}}\'94\
\'93And you thought you could save him?\'94\
\'93I 
\i can
\i0  save him,\'94 Tidkins said with passion. He had tears in his eyes. \'93I 
\i have
\i0  to save him.\'94\
\'93Even if it costs the lives of millions?\'94 Annabel asked.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said, and Annabel believed him.\
At last, Annabel understood. Anthony Tidkins was insane. He was brilliant. But he was insane.\
Her hand was trembling, her vision unclear. She steeled herself. Before she could put further thought into it, she raised the pistol. Point blank, she aimed its muzzle at her oldest friend and put her finger on the trigger.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \cb2 Tidkins\'92 skull erupted in a spray of blood\cb1 .\
Annabel screamed.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://283D97BD-A922-444E-9E1C-470516346984"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 Tidkins\'92 blood spattered across her cheek, hot and wet}}. It seemed to sting as it struck her skin. She heard Abraham Palmer gasp, but her attention was focused on Anthony Tidkins. His eyes and mouth wide with surprise, a gaping hole through his left cheek.\
\'93No!\'94 Annabel cried, even as Tidkins\'92 body collapsed to the floor.\
Annabel stared at her gun and blinked in confusion.\
\'93But I\'85\'94 she gaped, \'93I didn\'92t pull the trigger.\'94\
She\'92d wanted to. She had desperately wanted to put a bullet in his skull for everything that he\'92d done. But for all of her resolve to be more ruthless and less sentimental, she still hadn\'92t been able to bring herself to kill him. Even if he deserved it, she had to consider that Abraham Palmer might be right. Anthony Tidkins\'97Jack\'97might very well have been their best hope for a cure. Now it was too late.\
She stared at the gun in her hand. It was still cold. Which meant she couldn\'92t have fired it.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 Then who could have\'97?
\i0 \
She spun around, looking for the shooter, and found a familiar face staring back at her, gun still smoking.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Thirty-Six\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.\'94\
\
- Andr\'e9 Gide\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 It was Roderick Steen who stood before Annabel. His gun was aimed at the spot where Tidkins had been, and a cloud of smoke trailed from the muzzle. Roderick\'92s teeth were gritted, his eyes narrowed and fiercely focused on Tidkins\'92 body. He seemed to be blinking back tears.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93That was for R\'e9my,\'94 he said.\
Annabel\'92s knees threatened to buckle, and tears formed in her eye, but she managed to keep herself upright. She wanted to launch herself at Roderick and tear his throat out, though all he\'92d done was the very thing she\'92d wanted to do herself. She growled in frustration, unable to say a word to Roderick, even to acknowledge his presence.\
Finally, she returned her attention to Mr. Palmer, who was beginning to regain consciousness.\
\'93Let me up,\'94 he was saying, as Annabel fought to recover her nerves and steadied herself. \'93You\'92ve got to let me up.\'94\
He was gesturing towards something off in the distance. She blinked the tears from her eyes and looked. There were zombies staggering down the hallway, heading towards them.\
She cursed. \'93Where the hell did they come from?\'94\
\'93Resurrectionist Emergency Protocol D,\'94 said Palmer. \'93If the facility is compromised, they open the cages as a diversionary tactic.\'94\
\'93They have zombies in cages?\'94 asked Roderick.\
Still, Annabel refused to look at him. Wiping the blood from her face, she let Palmer up. \'93If it comes down to it, I won\'92t hesitate to shoot you,\'94 she warned him.\
Palmer got to his feet, a little worse for wear. He rubbed his injured jaw.\
Annabel tried not to think about Anthony Tidkins, or to look at his body. There was no time to mourn or to think about it. The zombies were coming, and they were surprisingly fast for walking corpses, converging upon them from both directions. There was not nearly enough ammunition to deal with all of them.\
She tried the door to the 
\i Beta Laboratory
\i0 , but the scientists must have locked it behind them. She banged on the door. She cursed as she scanned the hallway for another door. There wasn\'92t one, at least not between them and the zombies, and it would take too long to pick the lock without her tools.\
\'93We\'92ll have to make a stand,\'94 said Palmer.\
\'93I don\'92t like our odds,\'94 she said, banging on the door again.\
When no one answered it, she raised the pistol. There was nothing else for it but to put as many bullets in their skulls as they could, and then fight their way out with their bare hands.\
Annabel closed her eye, relying on the prosthesis for her vision, squeezed the trigger, and one of them fell to the floor. He disappeared under the sea of zombies, who climbed over him without seeming to slow.\
She aimed and fired again with deadly accuracy, moved the revolver half an inch to the left, pulled the trigger again. Without pause, she fired into their midst, one bullet at a time. Each bullet hit its mark, but it was not enough. They continued to advance, their numbers practically unaffected by the onslaught of bullets.\
\'93There\'92s too many of them,\'94 she said.\
\'93Just keep shooting,\'94 Roderick shouted back.\
They were inches away from each other, but the sounds of gunfire ricocheting down the hallway and the carnivorous moans of the zombies were deafening.\
Palmer grunted, kicking at the doorknob to the laboratory with all his might. If they couldn\'92t pick the lock, maybe he could break it down. It was up to Annabel and Roderick to buy him enough time.\
Annabel aimed again, pulled the trigger, and fired her last bullet. She hadn\'92t been counting, and only realized she was out when she fired again and heard the hollow click of an empty chamber.\
She stuffed the gun back into her holster, and looked to Palmer. The latch still hadn\'92t broken. The zombies were almost upon them.\
Roderick still had a few bullets left, but he wasn\'92t the marksman Annabel was. She watched him waste three bullets just to put one zombie down. She was about to ask him to hand over his gun, but before she had the chance, he ran out of bullets too.\
There were still hundreds of zombies and there was nowhere to go.\
\'93This is it,\'94 she said.\
She rolled up her sleeve, revealing her bare, mechanical arm, and gave it a twist of the key. It clicked like clockwork as it wound, but the sound was all but drowned out by the snarling of the dead.\
She marched forward, towards the zombies.\
\'93What are you doing?\'94 Palmer grunted.\
\'93Just get that damned door open,\'94 she shouted back.\
She grabbed the first of them by the face, careful not to let his jaws seize upon her hands, and slammed his face into the wall. His skull cracked, and he dropped him to the floor. She stomped on his head for good measure, and caved in the next man\'92s face with a wicked right hook from her brass hand, all in one swift motion.\
Roderick seemed suitably impressed, as he let out a whoop of joy and applauded her efforts.\
\'93Don\'92t get too excited,\'94 she said. \'93It\'92s not over yet.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D35B4CB4-C14F-424D-A240-C8E2837AEF14"}}{\fldrslt Already, another zombie was grabbing at her, this time from behind. She grabbed his arms as if to fling him over her back, using his momentum against him, but his body was rotten. His arms popped out of their sockets with a nasty 
\i plop
\i0 , the skin and meat ripping from his rotting limbs like a snake sloughing off its skin}}.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 Roderick replied, \'93It\'92s just that I\'92m not used to fighting beside anybody remotely competent. No offense intended to Inspectors Hargrave and Taggert, god rest their souls.\'94\
Annabel grinned. It was difficult, in the heat of battle, to remain angry at him. \'93Why, Mr. Steen, if I didn\'92t know you better, I\'92d say that sounded like a compliment.\'94\
She dropped one of the arms, but she held onto the other, brandishing it like a weapon.\
She whirled around to face the zombie, and recognized him. This was the creature from the tank. He was beyond rotten. He was wet, 
\i soggy
\i0  even. No wonder his arms had ripped out so easily. She raised his limb and swung it at his skull, knocking him over.\
He twitched on the ground, trying to get up, but Annabel didn\'92t let up. She stood over him and used his own arm to cave in his skull.\
\'93Very neatly done, Miss Monday,\'94 Roderick called.\
Beside her, Roderick had drawn his swordstick and was doing a decent enough job of hacking at the zombies, cleaving their faces apart with neat thrusts of the sword.\
\'93You\'92re not bad at that, yourself,\'94 she told him.\
She was honestly surprised. While Roderick exuded confidence and had the poised, refined manner of an English dandy, she hadn\'92t expected that fighting zombies would be his fortefort\'e9forte. She\'92d half expected him to cower in the corner while she did the hard work.\
\'93I\'92ve trained in bartitsu,\'94 he replied, even as he grunted with the effort of slicing through a zombie\'92s legs. \'93Not to mention fencing. My father was rather determined to make a proper man out of me.\'94\
\'93Is 
\i that
\i0  what makes a proper man? Sports?\'94\
\'93My father seemed to think so,\'94 Roderick answered, thrusting his sword into the eye socket of a zombie that had grasped Annabel by the hair. \'93And what do 
\i you
\i0  think makes a man?\'94\
\'93Thank you,\'94 she said, as she returned the favor, fending off a zombie that had its fingers on Roderick\'92s arm. \'93And to answer your question, typically smaller breasts and the freedom from having to wear corsets and bustle skirts are about the only things of any significance that distinguish men from women.\'94\
\'93Well, if men didn\'92t insist that women wear corsets and bustle skirts, how else would we slow you down?\'94 Roderick wondered.\
He breathed heavily with the effort of sweeping out the legs of a particularly large zombie. As the creature crashed to the floor, Annabel finished him off with a solid blow to the head with her mechanical fist. She tried to lift her arm again, but it seized up.\
\'93Buy me some time,\'94 she said. \'93I need to wind my gears.\'94\
She backed into a corner, quickly gave her arm a turn of the key, and flexed her mechanical fingers to test it. It didn\'92t always require such extensive maintenance, but she didn\'92t always put it to such heavy use. She rejoined the fight just in time to pull one of the zombies from Roderick\'92s shoulders.\
\'93How are we doing, Palmer?\'94 she called.\
Even as Annabel continued to fight, heart pounding as she kicked at the nearest walking cadaver, she heard Palmer\'92s voice, rising above the din.\
\'93It\'92s open!\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://68BBD2C4-4332-4239-B6B0-3199BA2A1998"}}{\fldrslt She hurried to the door, ripping out the trachea of the nearest zombie fiend that assailed her in order to disengage from the fight. She landed a devastating blow with her mechanical arm that knocked its head clean off.\
Still, she had to fight her way through the mob, as the zombies moved clumsily in their efforts to sink their teeth into her flesh. At last, she found the open doorway and practically fell through it. Roderick was right behind her.}}\
Remarkably, Annabel was unscathed. She heaved, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://88748F66-8CAC-4BD5-87B0-88563B54BA3B"}}{\fldrslt struggling against her corset for breath}}, as Roderick launched himself bodily at the door. It slammed, but it wouldn\'92t shut. Several cadaverous limbs jammed in the door, their fingers still grasping for living flesh. Palmer added his weight to the door, and together the men strained against it. Still, the door thudded inward, threatening to cave beneath the combined weight of the zombies on the other side.\
\'93We can\'92t hold it,\'94 Roderick grunted.\
The door shuddered again. With every bang against it, the door creaked open a bit further. There was nothing they could do to stop it. Eventually, the zombies would get in. They were trapped in here.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Thirty-Seven\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93It is to be hoped, that you will be upon your guard; and, out of doors, speak with caution of what may be passing here, especially with respect to dead bodies.\'94\
\
- William Hunter\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The scientists had deserted the room, Dr. Jekyll among them.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93How did they get out?\'94 Annabel asked Palmer. \'93Your map didn\'92t indicate another way out of this lab.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s possible the Resurrectionists made some additions to the facility without my knowledge.\'94\
\'93Never mind that,\'94 said Roderick. \'93They\'92re going to get in.\'94\
\'93Give me my gun,\'94 Palmer asked.\
Annabel stared hard at him. The door shuddered again. The zombies were going to get in, and soon. They needed Palmer\'92s help, if there was any chance at all they would survive this. She didn\'92t like giving Palmer a weapon, after he\'92d tried to hand her over to the Resurrectionists.\
\'93I don\'92t have the right bullets for your pistol,\'94 she said.\
As for the guns she\'92d discarded earlier, they were still on the floor where she\'92d left them, with her crossbow. She had loaded up on Jonathan\'92s airship, and she hadn\'92t been shy about taking whatever she fancied. She picked up her crossbow first.\
Then she grabbed a pepper-pot revolver, a Webley, and a pocket-sized derringer. She gave the Webley revolver to Palmer, the pepper-pot to Roderick, and tucked the derringer into her belt.\
\'93Why 
\i does
\i0  the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  have so many weapons on board, anyway?\'94 she wondered.\
\'93Jonathan\'92s father and I used to use the airship occasionally for our missions,\'94 Palmer answered.\
\'93Hunting zombies, you mean?\'94\
\'93The tools of the trade,\'94 he said, brandishing the Webley.\
Then the door burst open, and all hell broke loose. It was impossible to count all the zombies that suddenly flooded into the room. They crammed into the wide doorway three at a time and spread into the room. Annabel, Roderick, and Palmer fanned out. She started firing the crossbow, and didn\'92t let up until she was out of bolts. Still, they poured into the room, climbing over the fallen until a pile of bodies lay blocking the doorway.\
She tossed aside the crossbow and reached for the derringer as a zombie came flying toward her. She put a bullet in its skull and emptied the chamber of the pistol. The gunfire was deafening as they made their final stand.\
Annabel discarded the empty derringer and cast about for something else she could use as a weapon. Something heavy and blunt, like a wrench, or something sharp. She didn\'92t have to look long. The room was filled with deadly objects.\
Her eyes settled on a long, jagged knife of surgical steel. She snatched it off the table and returned to the fight with a dangerous gleam in her eye. If she was going out, she was going out fighting.\
Dripping sweat, she grabbed the nearest cold body by the back of the head and jammed the knife into his eye. With a 
\i slurp 
\i0 like slicing open a watermelon, she slid the knife free. It tore against rotten flesh and bone, gore dripping from the shining instrument.\
Cold surgical steel sliced into rotten flesh, cutting through gristle and tendons as easily as carving a roast. Her heart was racing, pounding madly in her chest, but she wasn\'92t afraid. Somehow, slicing through those rotten bodies gave her a strange sense of catharsis. It was exhilarating.\
Grinning madly, she flicked her wrist and carved a piece out of any zombie that dared get in her way. She was drenched in blood, her {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F2A75574-6E2E-42D7-AC3A-C8D4B22D4677"}}{\fldrslt white pants }}stained a deep, dark red.\
Slabs of rotting meat began to pile up in the doorway, but still, they pressed forward. Annabel tried to get a count, but it was impossible to gauge how many there were with the door half-closed and their grunting, snarling faces so close to her own.\
She planted a firm kick at one that had gotten too close for comfort, sending him sprawling backwards, but another one took his place. Intestines dangling, utterly naked, with blood in her blond hair, the zombie snapped her teeth, inches from Annabel\'92s neck. She heard a cry of pain from beside her, Palmer\'92s voice, but she had her own problems. She thrust her blade into the woman\'92s skull, heard the crunch of bone and brain, and moved on.\
Killing the zombies was simple enough, now that she had the hang of it. She only had to destroy the brain. Any other wound would not suffice. Destroy the brain, and the body would go limp and cease attacking.\
Easier said than done. Annabel grabbed the hilt of her blade, pulled it from the skull of her latest kill, and went for the next one. Her blade caught him beneath his jaw, aimed upward into the brain. He went limp. Again, she set her sights on another that had gotten too close, pulled the blade from the man\'92s jaw.\
She cried out as two zombies grabbed her at once, one of them by the hair, the other by her mechanical arm. The blade clattered to the floor and disappeared as the zombies climbed over it. She felt another set of hands seize her as she fought to fend them off. Suddenly, her bloodlust turned to cold fear.\
Her hair had come loose. One of the zombies had gotten hold of it. It was in her face. She couldn\'92t see. The zombie was pulling at her hair, sending searing pain into her scalp. Pulling at her hair, the zombie was trying to bring her head closer to his gaping mouth.\
The second one was trying to get at her throat. She managed to hold him off with her arm.\
The third one had suddenly let her go, and she heard the disturbing 
\i slop
\i0  of something juicy being eaten. A squelching sound like rotten fruit being squished.\
She couldn\'92t see with her hair in her face, but she detected the smell of warm blood mingled with the smell of rot. She heard the crunch of gnashing teeth, the zombies moaning with pleasure.\
Finally, she managed to tear her hair free, and she saw Palmer\'92s body being ripped apart. It sent a jolt of fear through her\'97a horrible reminder of her fateful day in Haiti, her eye being ripped from its socket. She could almost feel Palmer\'92s pain as her own. Their grimy fingernails digging into his skin, pulling hot, steaming organs from his body. Their rotting teeth breaking the skin, tearing out layers of flesh. Palmer was already dead. She knew he couldn\'92t feel what was happening to him anymoreany more, but she started to scream.\
She cast about for Roderick, but she couldn\'92t see him through all the carnage. Her screams fell silent, turned into a whimper as the zombies began to finish their meal. Once they were done with Palmer, they turned to Annabel. They set their bloodstained fingers on her cheeks and on her neck.\
She raised her arm. It was all she could do to keep that one from getting at her neck. Her mechanical arm was dead weight; its gears were clogged with gore. Exhausted, disarmed, and terrified, she raised her left arm\'97her good arm. It was the only thing she could put between the zombie and her throat.\
She felt a clump of hair tear out of her scalp, but suddenly she couldn\'92t see again. Her hair was in her face. She couldn\'92t see the dead man\'92s jaws close around her arm. But she could feel it.\
He clamped down until his rotten teeth ripped through the fabric of her shirt and bit into her arm.\
Suddenly, she heard gunfire, and she felt the cold hands being pried off of her. She dealt with the one on her arm, bashing him in the skull with her own, until his brittle bones caved in, and he stumbled back.\
Clutching her wounded arm, she broke his legs with a sharp kick, and he fell to the ground. With a cry of rage and adrenaline, she stomped on his skull with her boot, killing him.\
Panting with exhaustion, her face and hair slick with cold, resinous blood, she turned to see whoever had saved her. At first, she\'92d thought it was Roderick, firing his pepper-pot pistol.\
But it was Jonathan she found before her. He was looking at her with a mixture of horror and relief. She offered him a smile, which given her current state, was probably not very comforting.\
\'93What took you so long?\'94 she asked. She\'92d intended it to sound playful, teasing, but relief crept into her voice.\
Ignoring the question, he took a cautious step towards her. The last of the zombies were dead. She saw Roderick in the corner of her eye, leaning on his cane. She was glad to see he\'92d survived the fight.\
\'93You\'92ve been bitten,\'94 said Jonathan.\
Annabel nodded.\
\'93We should amputate,\'94 he said. \'93Palmer said that might stop the virus from spreading.\'94\
\'93There\'92s no way in hell you\'92re taking my other arm,\'94 she said. \'93Besides, I\'92ve already been exposed to Lazarus. If it hasn\'92t killed me yet, I might 
\i actually
\i0  be immune. We\'92ll have to wait and see what happens. Kill me if I turn zombie, but you\'92re not taking my damn arm.\'94\
\'93Alright, alright,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We won\'92t take your arm. I\'92m just\'85I\'92m glad you\'92re alive.\'94}