{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Where\'92s Palmer?\'94 Jonathan asked as Miss Monday cleaned the gore from her mechanical arm with her surgical knife. She wound her gears yet again, and gave her fingers an experimental turn. She clenched and unclenched her fist.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Satisfied, they headed back into the hall.\
Roderick took up the rear, watching their backs while Jonathan took the lead. Miss Monday stood at his side, ready with a surgical knife in case they ran into zombies. For the most part, it seemed that the zombies had all been dealt with. The floor was littered with their bodies, however. Jonathan kept a cautious distance from them, half expecting the dead bodies to twitch back to life and grab him by the legs.\
\'93Dead,\'94 Miss Monday said, answering Jonathan\'92s question coldly.\
Jonathan didn\'92t know how to respond. On the one hand, Palmer had betrayed them. On the other, Jonathan couldn\'92t help feeling sentimental.\
Miss Monday seemed to grasp Jonathan\'92s grief. Her voice warmed. \'93I\'92m sorry. I know you trusted him, but there\'92s something you should know\'97\'94\
\'93I know,\'94 Jonathan replied. \'93That\'92s why I was held up. Palmer knocked me out. He said he was going to try to stop you. I was worried he might have hurt you.\'94\
\'93He damn well tried,\'94 she said.\
She held up a finger for silence as they rounded the corner. Jonathan marveled at the movement of her mechanical hand. She had discarded her blood-soaked jacket, and the sleeve of her blouse had been torn, offering Jonathan a rare opportunity to see her bare prosthetic arm. He knew that she was self-conscious about it; he reminded himself not to stare. She gestured that the coast was clear, and Jonathan followed her into the next hall.\
Suddenly, he felt something grab him by the ankle. He looked down and saw that one of the zombies he\'92d assumed was dead was still moving. The creature\'92s mouth had been torn clean off, but somehow it was still alive. It tightened its grip on Jonathan\'92s ankle. TheEven aThe barest scratch could prove deadly, even if the zombie couldn\'92t bite him.\
Jonathan reached for his gun, but \cb2 Miss Monday\cb1  was already there with her surgical knife, dealing with the zombie. She drove the blade into its brain through the gaping hole where its mouth used to be. Its grip loosened.\
\'93Come on,\'94 she said. \'93We need to find your mother.\'94\
\'93After Palmer helped you escape, they may have suspected she was disloyal-unloyaldisloyal-, in which case they would have put her in the holding cells where they put you and Parson Sinews,\'94 said Roderick.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \cb2 Annabel\cb1  nodded. \'93The cells are this way, if I remember from Palmer\'92s map.\'94\
\'93I\'92ve already been by the cells,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93I saw them hauling Sinews off. My mother wasn\'92t there.\'94\
Roderick swore. \'93Where else could she be?\'94 he wondered aloud.\
\'93They might already have her in Chateau d\'92If,\'94 \cb2 Miss Monday\cb1  answered.\
\'93I hate to say this, but right now we\'92ve got other problems,\'94 said Roderick.\
Jonathan followed his gaze. His heart sank. 
\i Just how many zombies were the Resurrectionists keeping down here? 
\i0 He\'92d truly thought they\'92d already dealt with the last of them, but another mob of hundreds was marching down the hall, headed their way.\
At the front of the mob was the largest man Jonathan had ever seen. At least eight feet tall, broad-shouldered, and muscular, it was impossible to tell if he was man or zombie; he wore a Resurrectionist mask over his face.\
\'93Mr. Hyde,\'94 said Miss Monday. Apparently this was not her first encounter with this behemoth.\
\'93The Irish Giant,\'94 Jonathan muttered.\
Parson Sinews had mentioned him. Tidkins\'92 hired muscle, the man who had brought Tidkins fresh bodies to practice his experiments on. If he was a zombie, he would be near impossible to kill. His head was protected by the thick leather mask. Anything short of a bullet to the head would be ineffective, and aside from blunt weapons and blades, they were unarmed. Even if he wasn\'92t a zombie, he would be equally dangerous.\
\'93We\'92ve got to run,\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93But my mother,\'94 Jonathan protested, but his resolve was already weakening. He had no idea where to find her, and they couldn't face this many zombies.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4E48D0A4-76E6-4883-9E48-8B16BD46FF67"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 Zombies were slow, for the most part, but some of the fresher ones could be surprisingly quick}}. The quickest of the dead surged past Mr. Hyde, and practically sprinted towards them.\
\'93If she\'92s still alive, she\'92s probably in Chateau d\'92If,\'94 Miss Monday said urgently. \'93Jonathan, we\'92ve got to run.\'94\
As if to hammer home her point, one of the zombies dove at them. Miss Monday drove her knife into its head and stepped aside as its body hit the floor.\
With that, Jonathan turned and ran. The quicker zombies were still hot on their heels. If they slowed down, the zombies would be upon them in an instant.\
\'93Which way?\'94 Jonathan called.\
Roderick paused to draw his swordstick and deal with one of the zombies that had gotten too close for comfort.\
\'93Right,\'94 he answered, and tore down the hall after them.\
They careened around the corner. Jonathan nearly slipped on the blood-slick floor, but somehow managed to keep on his feet. Ahead, they could see the spiral staircase that led to the library. A female zombie stood blocking their way. She was dressed in a dirty blue dress with a floral print, and had tubes stuck into her arms, dripping thick, resinous blood. A fresh experiment. She whirled when she saw them coming.\
She snarled, and barefoot, ran towards them. She was quick, for a zombie, but Miss Monday was quicker.\
\'93I\'92ve got this,\'94 she said.\
Her blade whirled, a swift flash of silver. Zombie blood hit the ceiling and splattered on the walls. The creature\'92s body lay still on the floor. Miss Monday turned and offered a grin.\
\'93I\'92d hate to be on her bad side,\'94 Roderick muttered.\
Jonathan looked over his shoulder. No time to admire her handiwork. The dead were still on their heels, the Irish Giant among them.\
\'93Hurry up, you two,\'94 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FF02BFAE-38D2-4CA9-B6C6-E0A9D13055B4"}}{\fldrslt \cb2 Miss Monday\cb1  }}called, already stepping over the body and clambering up the stairs.\
Jonathan didn\'92t have to be told twice. He raced to the staircase, and hurled himself up two steps at a time. He paused only to send a zombie careening back down the stairs with a kick to the chest. Finally, they reached the top of the stairs.\
\'93How does this panel open?\'94 Miss Monday asked.\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 said Roderick, \'93I only ever opened it from the other side. Try to find a lever or a switch.\'94\
\'93There\'92s nothing,\'94 said Miss Monday, searching frantically for a switch as she zombies resumed their climb up the stairs. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B1F27D98-6558-4BD8-A10F-978927D5107A"}}{\fldrslt Suddenly, the panel slid open. Miss Monday blinked in confusion. \'93That wasn\'92t me.\'94\
They emerged in the library, and let the panel slide shut, trapping the zombies on the other side. Mrs. Thompson, the secretary, stood among the bookshelves, her hand on a copy of 
\i The Hunting Society
\i0 , by Charles Grimmer.\
\'93I heard your voices through the wall,\'94 she said. \'93Thought I\'92d better let you in.}}\'94.\'94\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1440\tx1680\tx2160\tx2240\tx2800\tx2880\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi359\qj
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 \
\
Epilogue\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The 
\i Penny Dreadful 
\i0 was swift, its propellers and sails and ornithopteresque wings driving it to the edge of the city. Another cup of tea sat empty. Annabel reached for the pot with her mechanical arm and poured herself another cup. Jonathan stared at her with a strange look upon his face.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93I\'92m just pouring a cup of tea, Jonathan. Nothing to marvel at,\'94 she told him.\
He grinned.\
\'93On the contrary, you are a constant marvel, my dear Miss Monday.\'94\
She rolled her eyes, both the real and the mechanical one. The lens clicked and whirred as it spun on its gears.\
\'93Annabel,\'94 she said. \'93You can call me Annabel.\'94\
Jonathan smiled. \'93Annabel it is.\'94\
\'93So, what now?\'94 asked Mrs. Thompson. \'93Where do we go from here? Surely we can\'92t stay in London.\'94\
\'93You\'92re right. For now, I\'92ve asked the captain to get us out of the city. And then, we need to find out more about Chateau d\'92If. The Resurrectionists are still out there, and. And they have my mother.\'94\
\'93Not to mention, Parson Sinews,\'94 said Annabel. \'93You know, there\'92s something terribly odd about that man. I can\'92t quite put my finger on it, but I feel certain he\'92ll have some part to play in all of this.\'94\
Roderick looked, for a moment, as though he was going to offer some insight into Parson Sinews, but seemed to think better of it. \'93There\'92s also the matter of finding a cure,\'94 he said instead, \'93The Resurrectionists managed to escape with most of their research papers, unfortunately\'97\'94\
\'93Most?\'94\
\'93Well, I did manage to abscond with 
\i this
\i0 ,\'94 he replied, unfolding a sheet of paper, which he took from his pocket. \'93Nothing to do with the cure, but get this,\'94 he said, and turning his eyes to the page, he read aloud, \'93Certain species of insects are known to react to the Lazarus Virus, undergoing extreme, rapid growth, as well as demonstrating certain metamorphic qualities.\'94\
\'93Meta-what?\'94 said Mrs. Thompson.\
\'93Metamorphic. A transformation, like a caterpillar into a butterfly.\'94\
\'93Wonderful,\'94 said Kasumi.KasumiClementine. \'93Zombie bugs. As if zombie people wasn\'92t bad enough.\'94\
\'93My god,\'94 Ollie added in agreement.\
As they spoke, the ship had been steadily descending. As the fog cleared in front of the ship, an unsettling vision came into view through the windows. An enormous wall had risen up, lining the edge of the city. Zombies were clawing at it, trying unsuccessfully to scale its heights and get at the men in the towers.\
\'93What on earth,\'94 Annabel exclaimed, getting out of her seat and heading over to the window for a better view. A moment later she was joined by Jonathan, Roderick, KasKass, Ollie, and Mrs. Thompson. They gaped at the wall in silence.\
It was vast, stretching as far as they could see in either direction. It stood was several stories tall, with gun turrets positioned around it. Though the wall was obviously makeshift, pieced together with lengths of sheet metal and plywood, it was enough that the zombies could neither scale its heights nor topple the wall. Even so, it was difficult to imagine how it could have been assembled so quickly, unless it had been built in advance, in anticipation of Dead London. Which meant that it could only have been built by Resurrectionists, or Resurrectionist sympathizers. Annabel remembered what Palmer had said about Queen Victoria. Even she was suspected of supporting the Dead London project.\
\'93They\'92re quarantining the city,\'94 said KasKass. \'93Trying to keep the zombies inside.\'94\
\'93What about the living?\'94 Annabel exclaimed. \'93There are still survivors living in the city. They\'92ll be trapped inside with them.\'94\
\'93Won\'92tSoon wWon\'92t be too many living people left,\'94 said Ollie.\
\'93God,\'94 Annabel breathed. \'93It really will be Dead London. A city {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://21969B18-2EAD-44B1-9408-DA57A9AD5409"}}{\fldrslt of the  walking dead}}. Can we get any lower?\'94\
The ship was circling near the wall, just outside the range of the wall\'92s gun turrets. Just then, the captain\'92s voice came through the speaking tube, distorted and tinny as it resonated from a little metal box in the top right corner of the lounge.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer, you\'92re needed on deck, please.\'94\
\'93Excuse me a moment,\'94 said Jonathan. To Annabel, he added, \'93I\'92ll see about getting us lower.\'94\
While he left to confer with the captain, Annabel remained intent on the window. She was staring at the men on the gun turrets. Their weapons were aimed at the zombies, but they weren\'92t firing. So long as the zombies could not reach them, they did not pose a threat, she supposed.\
Another minute or two passed in relative silence, the airship hovering in place, until with a hiss of air the ship began to descend. At last, they drew close enough to distinguish the shape of the gas masks that the men at the turrets were wearing. They were corvine in shape, the masks of plague doctors.\
\'93Resurrectionists.\'94\
Of course, while they could now see the Resurrectionists clearly, they too could be seen. The Resurrectionists turned their attention from the zombies to the airship. One of them\'97Annabel couldn\'92t make out which one\'97spoke, using some sort of device to project their voice. It sounded tinny and inhuman, like the Captain\'92s through the speaking tube.\
\'93This city is under quarantine. No citizens are to leave without clearing inspection. By the order of the British Military, turn your airship around.\'94\
She looked at KasKass, but she was stoic and unreadable. She wasn\'92t sure if that was sang-froid or if she was just keeping her fears to herself. Mrs. Thompson, meanwhile, was fanning herself, her eyes wide.\
The Resurrectionist\'92s voice interrupted her thoughts, loud enough to hear even over the rumble of the ship\'92s engines.\
\'93Again, this city is under quarantine. Turn your ship around. If you do not comply, it will be taken as a hostile act, and we will open fire upon your vessel.\'94\
In reply, a voice came through the speaking tube again. It was Jonathan\'92s voice, however, not Captain Merrick\'92s.\
\'93All hands on deck. We\'92re going to fight back.\'94\
\'93Fight back?\'94 Annabel repeated. \'93Against their gun turrets?\'94\
KasKass grinned. \'93Oh, you haven\'92t seen what this beauty can do,\'94 she said. \'93SheOh, sShe might look like a civilian vessel, but Mr. Grimmer had the 
\i Dreadful
\i0  built to support his 
\i Hunting Society
\i0 . She\'92s not exactly unarmed.\'94\
\'93I\'92ll take the portside cannon,\'94 said Ollie.\
Annabel\'92s eyes widened. 
\i Cannon?
\i0 \
\'93Starboard cannon\'92s got my name on it,\'94 said KasKass. \'93I\'92ll raise the shields.\'94\
\'93Miss Monday, the gatlin\'92 gun\'92s all yours,\'94 said Ollie. \'93Let\'92s blow these Resurrectionists t\'92 smithereens.\'94\
Annabel shared a grin with KasKass.\
\'93Gatling gun, eh?\'94 she said.\
KasKass nodded. \'93I\'92ll show you.\'94\
Annabel followed her through the door. They headed topside, and KasKass showed her to her station. As promised, the Gatling gun stood front and center, a huge cannon on either side of the ship.\
KasumiKasumiClementine pressed a button at her side. The airship shuddered and a series of metal panels raised, covering the windows and gasbags. The Resurrectionists\'92 guns were aimed at the ship, but the metal shields afforded them some protection. Hopefully that would be enough to stop their bullets from puncturing the ballonets.\
Annabel settled into her station, closing her one eye against the fierce, cold wind. She\'92d never used a gun like this before, so she took a moment to examine it while the Resurrectionist guns rang out, pinging against the metal shields. The shields seemed like flimsy protection at best. The metal was too thin to hold out for long, and there were gaping holes in their protective space.\
With Kas\'92sKasClem\'92s help, it didn\'92t take Annabel long to figure out how to work the gun. Once it was ready, she aimed with her mechanical eye, and began firing. She cackled wildly as the gun let loose an onslaught of bullets, and the Resurrectionist fell from his post, only to be seized by the zombies below.\
\'93God bless you, Dr. Gatling!\'94 she cried triumphantly.\
KasumiKasumiClementine left her to her devices, heading for the starboard cannon.\
Annabel aimed the weapon at the next Resurrectionist and gave him the same fate as his friend. 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  shuddered as Ollie fired his cannon, and again as KasKass did the same. Kip\'92s cannonball missed its mark, sailing over the wall, but Kas'sKas'Clem\'92s struck home, utterly destroying one of the gun towers.\
The Resurrectionists continued to fire back, while the zombies below cried out for flesh. And through it all, Annabel continued to aim and fire, laughing wildly each time a Resurrectionist fell victim to her onslaught. And when each of the turrets in their way stood unmanned, 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  lowered its shields, and continued on its way.}