{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Well, that was rude,\'94 said Grundy. \'93Anyway, I understand the Grimmer Company runs a number of newspapers and literary magazines, isn't that right? Quite a business, I imagine.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93We also publish penny dreadfuls,\'94 Jonathan said with a grin, enjoying the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CE0A4284-FAEA-44F8-9126-0C7E28A6CD83"}}{\fldrslt look}} on Grundy's face. Meanwhile, Miss Karnstein\'92s eyes lit up.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The sensationalism and bloody subject matter of penny bloods were not considered to be in good taste among proper gentlemen. Jonathan was a man accustomed to the comforts of the wealthiest families in London, but he was still just a newspaper man\'97not exactly a respectable career among the ton. He enjoyed shocking more respectable gentlemen by talking about the source of his family\'92s wealth.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93I\'92ve only just returned to London; I\'92d been away, traveling, but have been summoned back to take over the business. I thought I\'92d start by writing an article for one of the company\'92s journals.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 He disengaged his attention for a moment to peer ahead at the progress of the line. It was moving along quickly, Lord Connor\'92s servants competently ushering the guests inside. Jonathan would hate to be stuck making small talk for long. He had enough on his mind as it was.
\f1\fs20 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4DE3E0EA-59C8-4261-812D-0B441D0CD6CA"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \'93Mr. Grimmer? May I ask what it is that you\'92re writing?\'94}}\

\f0\fs24 \'93Sorry,\'94 he said, returning his attention to the conversation. \'93I\'92m afraid I have an ulterior motive in attending this ball. I\'92m writing an article about Lord Connor.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Oh, really? On what subject?\'94 asked Grundy. \'93I\'92ve known Lord Connor a long time. Perhaps I could be useful.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Jonathan hesitated. He wanted to hear from Connor before saying anything more on the matter. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5DC7FA61-36AD-4F54-A32D-336A1683E77A"}}{\fldrslt In fact}}, this was the first time he\'92d told anyone that he was writing about Connor. He thrust a hand into his pocket and felt a small scrap of paper in his father\'92s handwriting.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Jonathan was expected to take over his father\'92s duties at the publishing company. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B91BCEFE-8812-431C-AEEC-7C0577A6CC43"}}{\fldrslt His office was still full of his father\'92s belongings, and Jonathan had been avoiding the task of cleaning it out ever since he\'92d returned to London.}} The truth was that he hadn\'92t taken the family business seriously for a long time. As a boy, he\'92d looked up to his father. He {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://836CFEDC-2C4A-468F-8E0D-5BF8D7BA6DB1"}}{\fldrslt wrote}} hundreds of articles and published them in his father\'92s paper, but Charles Grimmer had been so busy with running the company that he\'92d barely noticed Jonathan\'92s efforts. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3F93C477-370C-48D3-9A83-CAC7B9DCDAA1"}}{\fldrslt Rather than continuing to fight for his father\'92s attention, Jonathan had turned his back on the family business.}}
\f1\fs20 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8126D045-0F20-4561-A751-C3630AF77637"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 His mother had tried promoting h}}
\f0\fs24 im within the company, hoping that his newfound authority might give him a sense of ownership and responsibility. It had the opposite effect. By then Jonathan was more interested in seeing the world, trying his charms on beautiful women, lavishing in the life of a socialite. \'a0Drinking, partying, traveling. His father had barely noticed; he\'92d given Jonathan the airship and offered him the freedom to travel, suggesting that he might attempt to make some business connections abroad. Jonathan had been on a bit of a bender in Prague when he\'92d gotten the news.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The last conversation he\'92d had with his father, they\'92d talked about Jonathan taking on more responsibilities with the company. \cb2 Now that his father was gone, he had a nagging sense of guilt about everything. He wished he\'92d spent more time with his father. At least it wasn\'92t too late to start taking an interest in the company\cb1 .
\f1\fs20 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E36E1FA5-6C9B-4FD6-9A8A-3C9A6F437389"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 Jonathan\'92s assistant at the newspaper, Mr. Palmer, }}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://85514CBA-C6D4-4E51-93A5-AB5EBCA442E7"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 who had been his father\'92s assistant and had worked for the company for so long that Jonathan thought of him as family, had begun showing Jonathan the ropes. After all, while Jonathan was heir to the family business, he was new to it. Palmer had suggested Jonathan should gain more experience writing before taking over as editor-in-chief. Jonathan had agreed. After all, it had been years since Jonathan had written anything for the paper. He decided, in honor of his father, to publish one of his father\'92s unfinished stories.}}\

\f0\fs24 His father was an extensive note-taker. There were boxes full of Charles Grimmer\'92s research for articles he would never write. The thought of rummaging through his father\'92s notes had filled Jonathan with guilt, but the thought of leaving his father\'92s work unpublished disturbed him even more. When he finally got around to the task, he found himself ill-suited to the endeavor. He couldn\'92t help but actually 
\i read
\i0  each and every document in his father\'92s boxes. It made for slow work. He\'92d stayed up late into the evening, until the office had grown cold and he\'92d headed to the fireplace.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 It was there that he\'92d found the scrap of paper, burnt around the edges, almost buried beneath a pile of burnt pages and firewood. This single scrap alone had miraculously survived. Jonathan had plucked it from the ashes and stared at it in wonder. A single phrase had been scrawled on the page in his father\'92s handwriting.
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C6507118-2551-4948-83BC-A7F43D69F67C"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Lord Henry Connor is Francis Varney.
\f1\i0\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jonathan\'92s father had stumbled into something deep. Jonathan felt certain of this. Something had scared Charles Grimmer. Something had caused him to burn his note. Only a single sentence had survived. Jonathan was determined to discover what it meant.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Jonathan knew the name Francis Varney as the villain in the penny dreadful, 
\i Feast of Blood
\i0 . Varney the Vampire. He also knew that the Resurrectionists\'97that nefarious society of mad scientists who murdered and called it experimentation\'97adopted the names of penny dreadful characters as their own. Did this mean Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist?}}\

\f0\fs24 \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A02FB8FC-9F36-49B4-93AD-38BA48D51C69"}}{\fldrslt If}} you see him, could you let Lord Connor know I\'92m hoping to speak with him?\'94 Jonathan said, avoiding the question.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 His newfound friends nodded obligingly.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Of course,\'94 said Grundy.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Finally, they had reached the entrance, and their turn came to enter the ball. The butler held out his hand for their invitations, but Mr. Grundy stepped aside.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93After you, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Thank you,\'94 said Jonathan, as he reached into his pocket. \'93Now, where in the world has it gone?\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Your invitation, sir?\'94 said the butler.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93I had it just a minute ago,\'94 Jonathan told him, bewildered.}