{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Quickly, moving through the crowd, she crossed the threshold of the door. Just one more gentleman and lady stood in front of her. She waited patiently as the butler hurried to greet them. Their coats, having been removed, were taken by a servant to the coat room, while the butler compared their names against a list of attendees.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Annabel gathered that the gentleman was a duke of some sort, but she failed to catch the name. Not that she cared, particularly. When the butler had found the name, he nodded genially and beckoned to the pair to follow him into the adjacent room.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 When he returned, it was her turn. She provided her invitation, and the butler found her name on the list. He nodded, took her overcoat and cane, and gave them to a servant to take to the coat room. Then, he offered to escort her into the foyer. So far, this had gone even more smoothly than she\'92d expected. She was in.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 As the butler showed her into the foyer, she took a moment to survey the scene. She barely noticed the grandeur of the Connor manor. She took note of the size of the room but scarcely noticed the high, gilded ceilings, the huge Grecian statues which adorned the room, the numerous paintings upon the walls. Her only sole interest was in finding Lord Connor.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Where might I find him?\'94 she asked the butler, dropping her voice half an octave below its normal range. She had some practice at that, as well. \'93Lord Connor, that is.\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93I\'92m sure you\'92ll find Lord Connor in the ballroom, if not presently then shortly. He\'92ll be wearing a stag\'92s head mask in a shade of dark plum,\'94 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://59F09AE1-404D-4CDB-BCCC-E1CE5AF66D1E"}}{\fldrslt he added}}.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Thank you,\'94 Annabel replied, taking her leave of the butler.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 She swept from the foyer to the ballroom. A massive circular room, Connor\'92s ballroom, designed by Lord Connor himself, was made to impress. With enormous cogs and gears lining the ceiling, and an enormous steel rod through the center of the floor, the room was slowly turning, like a ballerina in a music box. The effect was impressive. It must have taken an enormous amount of power to drive the ballroom\'92s engine, but Connor\'92s guests seemed suitably impressed by the revolving ballroom. Annabel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F4656850-6887-4DBA-9C7A-CD37D7E24A8F"}}{\fldrslt couldn\'92t have cared less }}about the grandeur of it all. She brushed past servants who might have offered her refreshments, paying no mind as the floor moved beneath her feet. As she weaved her way through the crowd, the sound of the musicians playing a rousing tune grew in volume, but she had no inclinations of dancing.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The floor was filled with dancers, who moved with grace about the room. Those who were not dancing were either seated at one of the tables or dispersed in small groups throughout the ballroom. Ladies were penciling in appointments on their cards, and gentlemen were politely making introductions and seeing to the needs of their ladies.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 She didn\'92t feel any eyes on her. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B193BB66-7A47-4EBF-BFA5-56B2CD128CC0"}}{\fldrslt She was in. }}So, she thought, on to the next task. She needed to find the Lord of the manor.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The ballroom was huge. She began to sweep the room, first making her way around the perimeter. She looked at each masked face she passed, systematically eliminating them, looking for a tall, middle-aged man in a dark plum stag\'92s mask. He should be easy enough to pick out of a crowd, but she\'92d still seen no sign of him. Eventually, she\'92d gone around the entire circumference of the ballroom and still not found him.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 Perhaps he was among the dancers. She found a spot at the edge of the dance floor and watched as each paired couple circled past her. As the waltz drew to an end, she felt certain she\'92d checked every single mask on the dance floor. There was no sign of Connor, at least not in the ballroom.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 The nature of the ball seemed to have prevented his guests from noting his absence for now. They were either preoccupied with the festivities or they were simply unaware of what mask he was wearing and assumed he was there somewhere.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 When another of her host\'92s servants offered a tray of sweets, she smiled, thanked him, but declined. She took the opportunity to ask if he knew where she might find Lord Connor. She {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://59CB59E9-065E-493E-8AAD-93ADEA1C0BDE"}}{\fldrslt followed his directions to a flight of spiraling stairs}}, which led upstairs to Connor\'92s private apartments.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93It is off limits to guests, however,\'94 the servant noted, \'93but I\'92m sure Connor will be down shortly.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 At least he was more helpful than the butler, she thought.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 She thanked him and made her way to the staircase in spite of his warning that Connor\'92s private quarters were off limits. At least she wasn\'92t entirely alone on the staircase. It wasn\'92t exactly bustling with activity, but as she climbed the stairs, she passed a couple of other gentlemen. She watched as they headed out to the balcony, presumably for a cigarette. She glanced back to see if anyone was watching. When she was sure that no one was, she veered off down the hall, away from the balcony and towards Connor\'92s private quarters.}