{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Although the zombies of Newgate were locked in their cells, Roderick continued to proceed with caution. He peered into each windowed cell with the vague hope that the prisoner inside might still be alive, and each time, he was disappointed. He peered into face after face, and saw greyed and blackened flesh, tight, drawn skin, and hungry, dead eyes. Many of the creatures had fetid sores that leaked pus and thick, black blood.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Others had subtler signs of their symptoms \'97 dry, flaking skin that could almost have passed for a sunburn, mild discoloration around the eyes, or stiffness in their movements. In these cases, it took Roderick a few moments to determine whether or not they were afflicted.\
At each cell door, his anxiety continued to increase. It didn\'92t feel safe being among this many of the zombies, even with them in captivity. On one occasion, he peered into a cell and found it empty. He was about to open the door and have a look inside, when suddenly the horrid face of an unliving creature loomed in front of him, behind a pane of glass but only inches away. His heart pounded like mad, and Roderick\'92s breath caught in his throat. The creature must have been slumped against the door, just out of Roderick\'92s view. He shivered, suddenly feeling the cold of the stone floor on his bare feet.\
\'93Let\'92s hurry up and get this over with,\'94 he said, hand against his racing heart. \'93The sooner we find Sinews, the sooner we can get out of here.\'94\
Taggert nodded in agreement, twirling his mustache, a nervous habit Roderick had caught him at often lately.\
\'93When we find him\'97\'94 Taggert began. He paused to check the next cell, and recoiled when he found its occupant. \'93Do you think he\'92ll still be alive? Or do you think this whole bloody prison is infected?\'94\
\'93I\'92ve no idea,\'94 Roderick said. \'93The virus can be distributed using infectious gas; we know that from the incident at Lord Connor\'92s. But we don\'92t know how far this gas is able to spread. Perhaps one of those mechanical birds was sent into the prison, or somewhere nearby. If this plague is airborne, even breathing is dangerous.\'94\
\'93Then how do we know we won\'92t be infected just by being here?\'94 Taggert asked, checking the next cell.\
\'93We don\'92t,\'94 Roderick replied. He sniffed. \'93And to be frank, we don\'92t know that your officers managed to get Sinews here safely. They might be digesting in the belly of a zombie as we speak. Or they might be zombies themselves, and be prowling the streets in search of human brains to consume.\'94\
\'93Brains?\'94 Hargrave repeated.\
\'93Or kidneys, intestines, livers. I\'92m not sure the dead are picky eaters. Anyway, until we\'92ve checked every last cell, we won\'92t know for sure.\'94\
\'93We could check the log book,\'94 said Hargrave, as he took his turn to peer into another cell.\
\'93Beg your pardon?\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93He\'92s right,\'94 Taggert said, \'93The prison has records of its inmates. We can use that to determine where Mr. Sinews is being held.\'94\
\'93Of course!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, \'93I\'92m an idiot! Why didn\'92t I think of that? I suppose we\'92ll have to double back, then?\'94\
Taggert nodded, and gestured for Roderick and Mr. Hargrave to follow him, as he took the lead this time.\
\'93And don\'92t be too hard on yourself. You\'92re under a great deal of\'97\'94\
He broke off suddenly, as he rounded the corner.\
\'93Taggert?\'94 Hargrave headed around the corner after him, then suddenly drew back.\
\'93What is it?\'94 asked Roderick.\
\'93Back! Back!\'94 cried Hargrave, turning around and urging Roderick to run.\
Behind him, Roderick could now see Detective Inspector Taggert. He was pale, his eyes wide, his hand clamped on his throat. Roderick could see blood spilling out of it. Not half a moment later, the zombies leapt upon him with surprising agility, a speed brought on by the prospect of fresh blood.\
They tore into him, tearing chunks of meat from his body, using only their teeth and fingernails. They bit into his flesh, teeth crunching sickeningly, and slurped up blood from his wounds until it stained their faces red. His intestines slopped onto the floor, steaming and hot. The zombies grabbed lengths of his intestines as if they were links of sausages, and bit into them, squirting hot juice into their mouths.\
Taggert\'92s screams were pitiful, but there was nothing Roderick or Hargrave could do. If they didn\'92t run, they would be next. Hargrave had already pushed past Roderick, and was tearing down the hallway. Roderick sprinted after him. He spared a glance over his shoulder. Taggert was slumped over, either dead or passed out from the pain. For his sake, Roderick hoped he was dead.\
Roderick raced after Hargrave, almost tripping over his own feet as he glanced over his shoulder and saw what the zombies had done to Inspector Taggert. He regained his balance, hands pounding against the wall to stop himself from falling. His lungs aching, heart pounding, he tore down the hall. His bare feet slapped against bare floor, echoed and reverberated against granite walls. Drowning out the sound of his footsteps and labored breathing, the zombies howled and moaned like starved wolves. The stench of rot filled Roderick\'92s lungs as he sucked in breath after breath of stale air, fear overcoming exhaustion as he tore down the long hallway.\
Along the way, dead prisoners thrust their hands through the bars of their cells, grasping at Hargrave and Roderick. The ones that were out of their cells, some of them inmates, some of them prison staff, staggered after.\
\'93This way,\'94 Hargrave called, rounding a corner at the end of the hall.\
He went up a flight of stairs, Roderick following as quickly as he could manage. His lungs burned, his mortal fear of exercise out-won by a more driving fear\'97that he would be eaten alive, or ravaged by cold, dead hands\'97or worse still, that he would be bitten and infected. The thought of becoming one of them was sickening. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F6EC3035-CFBB-49F3-AF37-EA15400AFE13"}}{\fldrslt The thought of his rational mind turning to predatory instinct and the desire to eat human flesh.}} Desperate, his feet hammered up the staircase, up two flights of steps.\
The snarling, slavering dead were only seconds behind him. If he stumbled now, they would have him in a moment. They were clumsy on the stairs. Some of them, their limbs stiffened by rigor mortis, staggered and fell. Those with flesh softened to mush by rot, limbs blackened and decaying, failed too. But the rest climbed over them, \cb2 agile and quick\cb1 , the infection still in its early stages. Roderick didn\'92t dare look back. All he could do was climb. Adrenaline and fear filled him with the energy to keep climbing.\
As Roderick reached the top flight of steps, he caught sight of Hargrave, tearing down the hallway like the hounds of hell were after him. Roderick mounted the few final steps, zombies grasping at his heels, and panted for breath. Their \cb2 clumsy swipes\cb1  missed his ankles by inches at best.\
He spun around, drawing his letter opener. The closest zombie was a prison guard, black veins running through grey and flaking skin, a crisp uniform spattered with blood. Roderick seized him by the shoulder for leverage, and thrust the letter opener into his jaw. The blade lodged in the guard\'92s skull, crunching through skin and bone with a sound like slicing a cantaloupe. He dislodged the letter opener, then shoved the dead guard backwards. He toppled down the stairs, taking several other zombies out with him, two hundred pounds of dead weight crashing down the stairs onto them.\
But in that time, others had closed the gap. They lunged at Roderick, who stumbled back, desperate to avoid their rot-black fingers. He fell, landed flat on his ass. The letter opener clattered to the floor, out of reach. Terrified, he shoved himself backward, as the two closest zombies bit into the air where he\'92d been half a second earlier. Unshakeable, frenzied panic made him scramble back further. He kicked wildly at them without aim or precision, nothing but mortal terror.\
This was it. This was how it would end. He felt their hands on{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3E6F4766-0071-4240-8239-140E7E2B9D02"}}{\fldrslt open }}his chest, and let out a whimper. His waistcoat ripped, and he felt them tearing at his shirtsleeves, trying to get at his arms. He blinked his eyes shut. If they were going to tear open his skin and pluck out his organs, he didn\'92t want to watch them do it. He screwed his eyes closed and braced himself.\
Instead, there was a deafening bang.\
His eyes snapped open. There was a spray of thick, gloppy blood, and the sound of a body hitting the floor. He smelled gunpowder. Another gunshot. Another body hit the floor. Roderick looked up and saw Hargrave standing over him, gun in hand.\
No time to ask where he\'92d gotten it, he reached up and took Hargrave\'92s other hand. The policeman hauled him to his feet, fired another shot into the mob of zombies, and took off again, running.\
Roderick didn\'92t waste a second, just took off again after Hargrave, thanking his lucky stars that Hargrave had come back for him. Ahead, Hargrave stumbled to a sudden stop. Roderick felt his heart stop.\
The way ahead was cut off by a second group of zombies, this one even bigger than the mob at their back. Too many to go through. They couldn\'92t go forward, and they couldn\'92t turn back. There was nowhere to run.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Eighteen\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93Life isn\'92t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.\'94\
\
- George Bernard Shaw\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 Anthony Tidkins\'92 was truly a face that only a mother could love. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1CFE2500-FE5A-4529-9622-36093FEC33C8"}}{\fldrslt And even she might have preferred him more if he\'92d been pretty}}. It wasn\'92t as though he had a hideous disfigurement, an amputation, a scarred face, or even blemishes. Mostly, what it came down to was a total absence of handsome features.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 His chin, average. His eyes, pale. His cheekbones, just so slightly too high. His lips, just a bit too thin. His body, under- muscled, weak. Even his smile was imperfect, the gaps between his teeth too wide.\
It was mostly that amalgam of subpar features that made him unattractive. But then, as if the universe felt that he had gotten off easy, it had also bestowed upon him another burden of physiognomy. Albinism. If merely being unhandsome wasn\'92t enough to make him a pariah, his unnaturally white hair, pale skin{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1A6F41F4-9146-4EC9-81D9-93B5378C0F1F"}}{\fldrslt , pale and rose-hued eyes did the trick}}. More than that, he also had a heightened sensitivity to sunlight, frail health, and a steadily increasing number of various phobias.\
Knowing all this, one might assume that Anthony did not have a happy childhood. This assumption would be wrong. In spite of the odds being stacked against him, Anthony did at least have a few tools at his disposal, which he used to great effect, not to make a great deal of friends, but at least to make a few that were uncommonly loyal. It was not his intelligence, his perspicaciousness, or his curiosity that made him interesting to his loyal circle of friends. Mostly, it was his fearlessness.\
One day, sitting on a bench by the Serpentine, watching the ducks waddling on the banks with a few friends, the word 
\i0 freak
\i  echoed in the air. A pregnant silence followed, as Anthony Tidkins curled his hand into a fist.\
\'93What did you call me?\'94 he demanded.\
The boy sneered. Here was a boy half his size, frail-looking and weird, parasol in hand, dark glasses over his eyes, acting tough.\
\'93You\'92re gonna fight me?\'94 he said with a laugh.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Anthony, folding his parasol in preparation for the altercation.\
\'93Don\'92t,\'94 said one of Anthony\'92s entourage. Under his breath, his friend whispered a cautionary reminder. \'93You\'92ve never won a fight before. Not one.\'94\
Anthony laughed. \'93Maybe this will be the first,\'94 he said.\
It wasn\'92t. Anthony returned home with a bloody lip and a black eye, soaking wet; he\'92d been pushed into the Serpentine.\
\'93Let me see your face,\'94 said Mrs. Cartwright in that stern voice of hers. \'93Have you been fighting again, young man?\'94\
\'93Yes, ma\'92am,\'94 he admitted, shamefaced.\
\'93You know I have to let your father know,\'94 she said.\
Anthony nodded.\
\'93Yes, Mrs. Cartwright. I understand.\'94\
\'93Be a good lad and run along to your room,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ll bring your supper up in a minute.\'94\
He nodded and excused himself. He did as she asked, but he left his room open a crack, so he could overhear the conversation when Mrs. Cartwright told Anthony\'92s father about the fighting. When she did, his father hardly seemed interested.\
\'93Boys will be boys,\'94 he muttered, clearly distracted by something.\
Mrs. Cartwright sighed. Through the crack in the door, Anthony saw the conversation unfold.\
\'93I\'92m busy, Mrs. Cartwright, if you please.\'94\
\'93Sir,\'94 she said, but Anthony\'92s father barely looked up.\
In some ways, Anthony would have preferred to be punished to being ignored. It had grown worse since his mother passed away a few years earlier. His father saw Anthony as nothing more than a burden.\
Anthony quickly hid his face from the crack in the door so he wouldn\'92t be caught eavesdropping. He sat down on his bed and opened his book, just as Mrs. Cartwright came in.\
\'93What\'92s that you\'92re reading?\'94\
\'93Mysteries of London,\'94 he told her.\
\'93Not another penny dreadful, is it?\'94 she asked. \'93You know your father doesn\'92t like you reading that sort of thing.\'94\
Anthony pretended not to hear her, keeping his eyes on the book. Stupid of her to use that, he thought. Anthony knew perfectly well that his father didn\'92t care what he read, so long as he left his medical books on their shelves.\
That was probably the only time Anthony had ever gotten into trouble with his father. He\'92d stolen his father\'92s books, and read each and every last one. At first, the scientific terminology and elevated scholarly language was beyond his understanding. But the more he began to read, the more he began to understand, and the more obsessive he became with those books. He had expected his father to praise him for taking an interest in learning. But that was not to be. Now, his father\'92s books remained behind a locked cabinet, and Anthony was left reading penny dreadfuls.\
Mrs. Cartwright threw her hands up and walked out of his room in a huff.\
\'93I give up!\'94 she cried dramatically. \'93Neither of the men of this house will heed my advice.\'94}