{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Over the years, Anthony\'97known to her in those days as Jack\'97had introduced Annabel to several of his acquaintances, many of whom were, quite frankly, criminals. Her services were highly sought after by Anthony\'92s friends, and Annabel was all too happy to oblige and was quick to adapt her skill as a pickpocket to the theft of more valuable items, sought by the ton in part due to their illegal nature. Paintings, such as the one Annabel had provided for Mr. Sinews, for example; ancient Egyptian artifacts, which had required Annabel to break into museums; and more importantly, evidence, records, and files, which Annabel was able to rescue from the police without too much difficulty.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Then there was also the research that Annabel had stolen on Anthony\'92s behalf. This, according to Anthony, was the real reason he\'92d hired her. Her benefactor was a scientist, and though he was still in his teenage years when she met him, he was educated as a physician, had gone to university, and had studied under one of America\'92s most prominent doctors. Dr. Allen. Anthony\'92s pursuit of science was obsessive. He\'92d taken to pursuing shortcuts whenever possible.\
He was not above stealing the research of other scientists. Annabel had personally visited the homes and laboratories of Charles Darwin, Edward Jenner, John Hunter, John Boyd Dunlop, Lord Kelvin, and Nikola Tesla, among others, and had returned to Anthony with unpublished studies, notes, and specimen, whatever he required for his endless pursuit of...she\
Annabelshe knew not what it was exactly that Anthony was studying.\
But until now, she had always believed that while Anthony\'92s methods were criminal, his intentions were benevolent. He held life as the most precious gift. He\'92d often spoken to Annabel passionately about wanting to make a difference in the world. Every life, he\'92d always said, was worth saving. This, Annabel had always felt, was why he\'92d saved hers, all those years ago. He\'92d taken her in, given her a home and a purpose, helped her to elevate her social and financial position. And years later, he\'92d saved her yet again, when her eye had been ripped from its socket.\
It was for this reason that she felt a mild stinging in the back of her eyes, as she realized that Anthony was utterly, completely insane. She\'92d been taken in by his lies.\
\'93What do you want with me, Jack?\'94 she hissed. It was the only way to keep herself from crying. She wouldn\'92t let herself be weak, not in front of him. So she set her mouth in a cruel sneer and glared at the young man who\'92d treated her as a sister. \'93You tried to kill me.\'94\
Anthony laughed. He sounded different. Perhaps that\'92s why she hadn\'92t recognized it before. Not just because it was muffled by the mask, but because there was a cruelty that had crept into his voice. There was no joy to his laughter.\
\'93At the masquerade, you mean? You knew that was me?\'94?,\'94 he asked.\
Annabel kept her mouth shut, her eyes fixed dangerously on him.\
\'93I wasn\'92t trying to kill you,\'94 he said. \'93I was testing my hypothesis.\'94\
While he spoke, Annabel was still looking for a way out. There had to be some way of getting past the dozens of Resurrectionists, even with their guns trained on her. She just had to wait for the right moment to present itself.\
\'93What hypothesis?\'94\
Before he had a chance to answer, a door swung open. She wanted to hear what Anthony had to say, but the door was open, and this might be her only chance. She stepped through the door, pushing past the Resurrectionist that had opened it, shoving him out of her way.\
\'93Stop her!\'94 Anthony cried.\
Ignoring him, the Resurrectionist turned to the door and bolted it shut.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Twenty-Two\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.\'94\
\
- Oscar Wilde\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Roderick watched with tiring patience as Mr. Hargrave\'92s sickness took him. It might have been a matter of hours, or a matter of minutes; it was impossible to tell. A narrow gap in the wall, a mild breeze from outside, was the only indication of the passage of time. The thick fog and black clouds made the day as black as any night.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 In all that time, the zombie mob still lingered in the hallway, voicing their hunger with the same desperate moans. No change had come over them.\
But Hargrave had changed.\
He had grown quiet and still. His eyes seemed to have sunken back in his head. Dark shadows crept across his skin, the necrosis spreading from his blackened wound and poisoning his entire body. The grey pallor that Roderick had first observed on the policeman\'92s arm was now the color of his neck, his face, his chest. His veins were black webs. A thin sheen of sweat clung to his forehead. His lips appeared chapped, the skin on them peeling away.\
Roderick guessed he didn\'92t have long.\
The gun was beginning to feel heavy in his hand. His wrist had begun to shake with fatigue. But still, he waited. He wasn\'92t about to kill the man while he still lived.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 Hargrave croaked. His voice was beginning to sound less human. It was the first time he had spoken in hours.\
\'93Hargrave,\'94 Roderick answered.\
Hargrave tried to shift position, to sit up a bit straighter, and flinched. He coughed, a hoarse rasp of air expelled from black lungs through a tattered throat. At last, he settled. He forced a smile.\
\'93Please,\'94 he said, \'93Call me Richard.\'94\
Roderick swallowed. He gave the man a nod, tears threatening to well up in his eyes. He blinked them back. He barely knew this man, but they had a hard-earned closeness, the brotherhood of having fought at each other\'92s sides. They had fought the living dead together, they had saved each other\'92s lives. And for the past few hours, Roderick had been sitting at his side, watching him die.\
\'93Richard, then,\'94 he said, and he forced a smile, and began to cry. He wiped his tears on his sleeve. \'93What is it?\'94\
\'93Promise me\'97\'94\
\'93Yes?\'94\
Hargrave\'92s words were a whisper, the man\'92s dying words drowned out by the mob of the unliving outside the door. Roderick stood up from the bench and crossed the short width of the cell. He bent down and put his ear to Hargrave\'92s mouth.\
\'93Promise you what?\'94 he asked.\
Hargrave had gone quiet. Even with his ear pressed against Hargrave\'92s mouth, he couldn\'92t hear a thing. And, he realized, he couldn\'92t feel the air of his breath. He couldn\'92t see the rise and fall of his chest.\
He looked at Hargrave\'92s face. His eyes had fallen shut. His body was stiff, motionless. Roderick peeled off his gloves, set them on the floor next to his gun. With a shaking hand, he reached out to check his friend\'92s pulse.\
He put his fingers against Hargrave\'92s carotid. His skin was cold, and lifeless. Roderick couldn\'92t feel a pulse. A hard knot formed in his throat. He swallowed it, and steeled himself for what he needed to do.\
He reached for his gun, just as Hargrave\'92s eyes snapped open.}