{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93I was a much younger woman back then\'97a girl, really\'97and if it can be believed, even prettier than I am now,\'94 said Miss Monday, with a wink of her one eye.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93Impossible,\'94 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7BB676AA-AE24-4D2E-99B3-F4B8DCF0B450"}}{\fldrslt he said,}} smirking.\
Miss Monday grinned, her cheeks dimpling.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \cb2 \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DA98E9C7-6DCE-4287-8BBE-10D0665D4198"}}{\fldrslt I was still new to my profession. Until very recently I\'92d been picking pockets and stealing things that were of very little worth to anyone. That all changed when I met a man who wanted to steal something more valuable. His name\'97when I met him\'97was Jack Bernhardt. I had met him previously, and he had been kind to me. I began to see him more regularly, and he would occasionally buy me lunch. Sometimes, he would bring me a clean dress or a new hat. Simple enough presents that might not have meant much at all to an ordinary person, but I was a street girl. An orphan. To me, it meant the world. I came to think of him like an older brother. He looked out for me, and he asked nothing in return. So, when at last he did ask something of me, you can imagine my answer.\cb1 \'94}}\cb1 \
\'93What did he want you to steal?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Research.\'94\
\'93Why? What sort of research?\'94 asked Mr. Palmer.\
\'93Bernhardt was a doctor. A physician. Although he was somewhat of a Jack-of-all-trades\'97no pun intended. Eventually I learned that he had been conducting scientific experiments\'97of all sorts. He also enjoyed tinkering with rather whimsical inventions. Clockwork dolls and such things. He was something of a genius, and had apparently been a child prodigy, too. According to some of his friends, who I met through my association with him, he never spent a single day in school. I\'92m not sure if that\'92s true, but that\'92s what they said. He learned it all from books, and from his mentor. But his real talent was people. He understood people, was quick to recognize their talents and their weaknesses, and to apply their strengths to his own ends. He often collaborated with other scientists, or hired them to work on his projects. And when others refused to work for him, he would use me.\'94\
\'93He\'92d have you steal their research,, you mean?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Miss Monday said. \'93Anyway, on one particular mission, we were to travel from London all the way to the small island of Haiti. I travelled via dirigible, with Jack as my constant companion. I\'92d come to accept that he was an eccentric young man, but I hadn\'92t quite understood the extent of his eccentricities until we began to travel together. Throughout the duration of the journey, he had been toiling with one of his inventions: a pair of wings, which, when strapped to his back would apparently allow him to glide on the wind as if he were flying. He\'92d been collecting the feathers of crows throughout the journey, and I imagine he\'92d been collecting them long before then. Anyway, he\'92d been sewing the feathers to these artificial wings, bit by bit covering the leather and wooden contraption in black feathers, fashioning it into black Icarus wings.\
\'93Whatever his obsession with crows was, I can\'92t say, but his eccentricities had never bothered me. As I said, he\'92d been like a brother to me. I never questioned him. He was wealthy, but not excessively; the ship itself was perhaps the smallest dirigible I\'92d ever seen, barely big enough to fit the both of us, and it was not richly detailed or lushly decorated like this one. Of course, I was hardly one to complain, and at least my salary was fair.\
\'93Or so I thought before I knew exactly what the job would entail. At that point, I knew only the few details that Jack had provided. As I said, it was an expedition to Haiti. I knew that much. But I did not yet know about the 
\i Bokor
\i0 .\'94\
\'93The 
\i what
\i0 ?\'94 said Jonathan. He was sure he had heard the word before\'97Mr. Sinews had used it\'97but he couldn\'92t recall its precise meaning.\
\'93The 
\i Bokor
\i0 ,\'94 Miss Monday repeated. \'93It\'92s a vodou word. It means 
\i sorcerer
\i0 . I\'92m not sure I can explain it as precisely as Jack eventually did, but are you at all familiar with vodou?\'94\
Jonathan leaned forward. This was the second time he\'92d been asked that in the past few days, Parson Sinews having asked the same question. \'93I vaguely recall having once read an article from the Royal Geographical Society on the subject,\'94 said Jonathan, \'93But I can\'92t say I remember much about that. However, Parson Sinews mentioned that 
\i zombies
\i0  are supposedly made by vodou magic. By these vodou sorcerers.\'94\
Miss Monday nodded.\
\'93Practitioners of vodou believe in spirits called 
\i loa
\i0 . You might think of the loa as 
\i gods
\i0 . The 
\i bokor
\i0  is a servant of the loa, so in this way, he is like a priest. He does not practice 
\i magic. 
\i0 He serves the 
\i loa.\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i0 \cf0 \'93But not all 
\i loa
\i0  are kind, benevolent spirits, isn\'92t that right, Miss Monday?\'94 asked KasKass.\
Jonathan raised an appraising eyebrow.\
Kas{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3550F218-8824-4EE4-828A-6FCA13F6D34B"}}{\fldrslt Kass }}shrugged. \'93I happen to read the Royal Geographical Society papers as well.\'94\
\'93They say that a 
\i bokor
\i0  serves with both hands,\'94 Miss Monday explained. \'93On the one hand, the light\'97healing the sick, protecting the weak. On the other hand, the dark. A 
\i bokor
\i0  that embraces this sort of power is supposedly able to raise the dead.\'94\
Jonathan repeated those words, inflecting meaning into them. \'93Raise the dead, eh?\'94 he muttered.\
\'93Yes, precisely my point,\'94 said Miss Monday. \'93The 
\i bokor
\i0  that I was to steal from had apparently amassed quite the following, though his people also feared him. They called him Papa Doc because he was a healer. The light, on the one hand. On the other hand, he had been using his power as a political weapon, creating fear and propaganda. Even his own people feared him, and he slaughtered those who questioned him with uncompromising mercilessness. Jack estimated that Papa Doc had killed 
\i thousands.
\i0 \'94\
\'93Nice chap,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Yes, well, they made him president,\'94 she said.\
\'93So you was there to steal from the president of \'91aiti?\'94 asked Kip Lockwood, in awe. \'93My god.\'94\
Miss Monday shook her head. \'93That was the pretense. You see, while Jack had assured me that I was only there to steal something from Papa Doc, I later learned that I was there to kill him.\'94\
\'93My god!\'94 Kip repeated.\
Miss Monday continued. \'93The airship eventually touched down in the city of Port-au-Prince, with a backdrop of sunny skies and palm trees. Jack must have been sweltering beneath his plague doctor\'92s mask, but still he kept it strapped to his face.\
\'93As we climbed down from the dirigible, I heard the unmistakable but muffled voice of a lady. I looked down to see a woman in a red walking dress, her thick black hair tightly braided into cornrows. She carried a parasol and wore white gloves on her hands, which she waved to get our attention. Her neck revealed a glimpse of her smooth, coffee-brown skin. Her face was covered by a mask that was identical to the one that Jack wore. The mask of the Resurrectionists. Of course, I didn\'92t know what the mask meant at the time. My associates valued their anonymity even more than their comfort. She must have been sweating buckets beneath the leather mask. But in my business, discretion is the better part of valor. I assumed this was why she wore the mask. Now, I'm not so certain.\
\'93Jack introduced her as Dr. Mircalla Karnstein, which must have been a pseudonym, given that she was the daughter of a Frenchman and a native Haitian. I can\'92t think of a name that\'92s any 
\i less 
\i0 French than Karnstein. Of course, in my line of work nearly everyone uses a nom de plume. I hadn\'92t yet become Miss Monday, so I introduced myself simply as Miss Grey. Dr. Karnstein\'92s English was heavily accented and at times difficult to understand, so the conversation was tedious, as neither Jack, nor I spoke a word of French. Eventually, with the niceties out of the way, she took us to a steam-powered paddlewheel boat, which she\'92d hired to take us the rest of the way to what she explained was the small town where it had all begun and where Papa Doc kept his army of zombies.\'94\
\'93When you say 
\i zombies
\i0 \'97\'94 KasKass began to ask.\
\'93I mean the supposedly resurrected dead,\'94 said {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://75E81A59-07C9-40E0-BA00-C1D3258A03DA"}}{\fldrslt \cb3 Annabel}}. She swallowed a sip of tea, and added, \'93Raised and controlled by the 
\i Bokor
\i0 .\'94\
\'93No wonder this Papa Doc was so feared,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93You have no idea,\'94 \cb3 Annabel\cb1  replied. \'93Shall I skip to the good part?\'94\
\'93You should have 
\i begun 
\i0 with the good part,\'94 said Roderick.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Twenty-Six\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is one who hopes they are.\'94\
\
- Chauncey Depew\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Bailey yipped excitedly as Roderick unlocked the door and hurried inside. The small dog bounced on its hind legs and danced in circles, whining loudly. Roderick scooped him up and kissed his brow affectionately. He allowed the dog to lick his face, laughing as the dog\'92s soft tongue tickled his cheeks.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 He ushered \cb3 Miss {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://9617306D-9A84-4ED8-A810-0500EF9CED6F"}}{\fldrslt Monday}}\cb1 , Jonathan, Palmer, and Kip Lockwood inside. KasKass followed right behind him. Roderick locked the door and gestured for everyone to make themselves at home.\
\'93And don\'92t steal anything,\'94 he added, for Miss Monday\'92s benefit. He winked, and added, \'93Jonathan, do keep an eye on her.\'94\
Miss Monday grinned, and Roderick was relieved to see she had a sense of humor.\
Roderick, meanwhile, needed to let Bailey outside. Poor boy had been locked inside for far too long, and would need to go out to relieve himself. So while Roderick longed for a hot bath, he made do with splashing a bit of hot water on his face and applying a bit of lavender-scented soap to his filthy skin. He washed up quickly, and hurried to his bedroom for a change of clothes.\
He dressed \cb4 sensibly\cb1 , choosing a smart pair of black and red striped trousers, a grey vest and shirt, and black cravat. He swapped blue for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://295623C3-C9A1-4A9D-8D54-AFCF66A9DAC5"}}{\fldrslt white gloves}}, and most importantly, he carried a cane. Not merely decorative and stylish, the cane doubled as a weapon. As any sensible gentleman in London knew, the city was a dangerous place to be without that most crucial accessory and a reasonable knowledge of the gentleman\'92s martial art, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B34FF1DD-9CE7-46AF-A335-3BB809253E6D"}}{\fldrslt bartitsu}}. Roderick, being pragmatic, had also made a study of 
\i cannes de combat
\i0 , and could disarm a vagrant of a knife without so much as sullying his shoes by stepping off the sidewalk. That generally left his would-be robber feeling quite silly for having made the attempt. On the off chance that a blunt weapon would not suffice, the cane also contained a hidden sword. The curse of the artistically minded, of course, was a constantly wandering mind that often caused him to forget his street smarts. Thus he often left the house without his cane. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CCB8E3CD-C619-46CF-8EE2-2372C96C98C0"}}{\fldrslt Occasionally, without his shoes. Once, without his pants}}.\
Not this time.\
This time, Roderick had all his ducks in a row. His shoes upon his feet, his trousers on his legs, his cane in hand, and his dog on a leash, he turned to the door. He had his hand on it when the knock came.\
He heard the distinctive click of dozens of guns, and saw that each of his houseguests had their arms raised to the door. They had taken the time to stock up on firearms and ammunition from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://56042AE1-04A6-4B32-A435-E5D7A9EEE5FF"}}{\fldrslt Jonathan\'92s father\'92s gun collection}} before leaving the airship. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AE11AA8A-D0DA-4FDD-9A2F-CC765C08574E"}}{\fldrslt Palmer had traded his shotgun for a carbine, owing to his injury. Kip Lockwood had a Webley revolver aimed at the door. KasKass was squinting down the barrel of a shotgun. Jonathan still had Roderick\'92s flintlock revolver. As for Miss Monday, she had claimed a generous selection of weapons from Charles Grimmer\'92s collection. Her eyes had lit up at the sight of an ornately decorated crossbow, which she now aimed at the door. Of all things, a crossbow.}}\
Roderick snorted.\
\'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://82412650-5FBB-4882-B6DF-780261E027AA"}}{\fldrslt Put those down,\'94 he said. \'93Zombies don\'92t knock.}}\'94\
The knock came again, insistent and loud. Bailey yipped.\
Roderick opened the door, feeling his guest\'92s guns still raised over his shoulder. A familiar, young, and devilishly attractive man stood in the doorway. Roderick opened his mouth and stammered.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 said the lad.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Roderick confirmed.\
\'93You\'92ve forgotten, again, haven\'92t you?\'94\
\'93My dear boy, of course I haven\'92t forgotten you,\'94 he said. \'93I\'92m just surprised. It isn\'92t safe out there.\'94\
\'93I had to see you.\'94\
Roderick put a hand on the lad\'92s shoulder, smiling warmly.\
\'93I\'92m glad you did,\'94 he said. \'93Did you run into any trouble on the way here?\'94\
\'93Nothing I couldn\'92t handle.\'94\
Roderick smiled. He turned to the room. \'93You can lower your weapons,\'94 he said. \'93This is R\'e9my Vaillancourt.\'94\
\'93Salut,\'94 said R\'e9my.\
\'93R\'e9my models for me,\'94 Roderick explained by way of introduction. And indeed, a number of the paintings mounted on Roderick\'92s walls were of the handsome youth. \'93Perhaps you might join my friends in the living room while I take Bailey for a quick jaunt? Miss Monday here was just regaling us with a story of her travels. Did you know this well-travelled lady has been to Haiti?\'94\
R\'e9my put his hand on Roderick\'92s. \'93If it\'92s all the same to you, I\'92ll join you and Bailey.\'94\
\'93My dear boy, I\'92d feel better if I knew you were safe inside,\'94 Roderick told him.\
R\'e9my sniffed. \'93I feel the same way about you. Do you know what I\'92ve been through to get to you?\'94\
Roderick leaned in and kissed him until he felt silent. \'93Please,\'94 said Roderick. \'93I\'92ll only be a minute. I have no intention of staying out there any longer than I have to.\'94\
They shared another lingering kiss, and as Bailey whimpered impatiently, R\'e9my finally nodded. He headed into the living room, and took a seat beside Jonathan.\
\'93Come along then, Bailey,\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93Shall I continue?\'94 he heard Miss Monday say as he headed out the door.}