{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 I was armed to the teeth and dressed in the most unusual outfit I could ever have imagined myself wearing. With Jack\'92s leather crow\'92s mask on my face, and his Icarus wings on my back, I must have looked like a human crow.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Most of my weapons were hidden beneath my skirts and shawl, except one: an old-fashioned small-sword, loaned to me by Dr. Karnstein.\
I wore a pair of tall leather boots, but I was still careful to watch where I stepped as I traipsed through the bushes into the backyard of the colonial mansion of Fran\'e7ois Duvalier, the man known as Papa Doc. Apparently there were deadly snakes and poisonous spiders in this small island nation, and I was naively more terrified of both these dangers than I was of Papa Doc\'92s army of zombies.\
I\'92d told Jack that I was not an assassin, but when Dr. Karnstein had explained the entirety of the situation, I felt that an exception might be in order. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3CEE74FA-BE03-458C-83EC-C2CE594C72A7"}}{\fldrslt female scientist}} wanted Duvalier gone because he had been speaking out against her research, turning the locals against her. She feared for her work{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://48180DFF-4BAE-43D6-890D-7EA4F0D4502B"}}{\fldrslt researchwork}}, but she also feared for her life. If Papa Doc gave the word, she would be dead within the day.\
But the situation was still more complicated still than that.\
These zombies of Papa Doc\'92s were not under his control, as he claimed they were. And they were not the usual sort of zombies, if such a thing exists. They were not created by the methods traditionally used by bokors. They were the product of a virus.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2DB1D4A8-53F7-45EA-A8A0-F2C6BD689AAA"}}{\fldrslt I didn\'92t know what the virus was called, then, but I believe I do now. Dr. Karnstein had been studying a virus that kills its victims quickly, causing them to rise after death. It was called Lazarus, I heardam sure of it noheard her say, andsayw, the sameand the virus that would be a plagueplagues on our city as we speak. }}Its victims would revive after death, and given to cannibalistic urges, would viciously attack any living thing that crossed their path, including their own loved ones. Even after they\'92d begun to rot, they would continue walking, hungry for living flesh.\
A sample of the disease had been stolen from Dr. Karnstein\'92s laboratory. The evidence pointed to Papa Doc. I was to steal it back. And when my work was done, I was supposed to make certain that Papa Doc would never be able to steal it again.\
With a gas lamp to light my way, I pushed through the thick vegetation and made my way into his garden. I only half believed what Dr. Karnstein had told me. I didn\'92t believe these men were truly dead, just sick. And I had no idea just how dangerous they were, despite what Jack and Dr. Karnstein had assured me. How could I believe that? It sounded like madness.\
The yard itself was deserted and dark, but there were lights on inside the house, so I had to be careful not to pass in front of the windows. Cautiously picking my path, I navigated the floral garden and stepped beneath the veranda.\
I dimmed the lamp and slowly I made my way toward the back door. Suddenly I heard a noise that startled me. Most of the noises here were foreign to me. The call of the birds were strange, and the chirps of the insects were alien, but the noise that startled me was strangely familiar. It sounded human.\
But it was not human.\
I directed my lamp at the source of the noise and spied a small building across the yard that I assumed was either a barn or a guesthouse. Checking to be sure that no one was coming, I abandoned the mansion and began to cross the yard toward the building.\
As I drew closer, I began to make out the features of the building, and came to the conclusion that it was a barn. The noises that came from within also became more clear. Voices, I realized. They sounded like voices.\
I approached the wide doors of the barn, raising my sword as I walked slowly through the tall grass. The voices became louder as I drew near, but they weren\'92t distinct enough to determine how many of them there were. Their voices all seemed to blend together until they just became a choir of muffled moans and coughs. Choking voices, hacking coughs, and sometimes wretched growls. The voices were strained and sickly, rough and phlegmy. Inhuman.\
I set the gaslampgas lamp down on the ground so my hands would be free, readiedthen readyingreadied my sword, and opened the door. The voices stopped in an instant as a hundred faces turned to look at me. The sudden silence was deafening.\
Suddenly thinking better of my initial decision to put the lamp down, I hastily grasped for it and with one hand turned the dial, causing the lamp to brighten. Then I stepped inside and closed the door behind me.\
The zombies stirred out of their temporary shock at seeing their prey walk straight into their den. All at once, they moved toward me. I was ready with my sword. I began to slash through them, cutting each one down as they approached with slow and rotten limbs.\
Each face I sliced into was a man or a woman from the village, farmers mostly, fathers and wives, sons and daughters. All of them were dressed plainly, some wearing caps upon their heads, some bare-chested with thick muscles becoming atrophied post mortem. Their faces were emaciated, their eyes sunken into their heads.\
They were slow, but they were many, and they were hungry. Soon, I had worked up a good sweat inside my crow\'92s head mask and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://461F8A42-6113-4CF8-B6C2-87847E6092FC"}}{\fldrslt bustle skirt}}. But I did not slow in my frenzied killing spree.\
Left, right, behind me, I met them all with my sword. I was everywhere at once, cutting them down, creating a whirlwind of blood and body parts which rained down upon the floor of the barn.\
Bodies piled up around me so that I barely had room to move any more. My arm began to ache, so I took advantage of my ambidexterity and switched hands, lifting the lamp above my head so I could not only hear them coming with their raspy breaths and ravenous growls but also see them approaching. See their hands twitch with excitement when they were ready to move in and attack.\
I resisted the impulse to add my voice to the fray, instead swinging my sword in silence, with only a subtle breath of exertion. Finally, after what seemed like hour on end of slaughter, but what must in reality have been a matter of seconds, I had decimated the bulk of them.\
A euphoric calm settled over me in the aftermath of violence. The settling of adrenaline, the calming of my rattled nerves.\
Only one of Papa Doc\'92s zombies remained. Which was exactly how it was supposed to have gone. It was Jack\'92s idea that it should be one of Papa Doc\'92s own wretched creatures that executed him. Poetic justice. In my own naivety, I agreed, even laughed at the idea, horrifying though it seems to me now.\
This one wretched creature, on its own in the darkest corner of the barn, quietly moved toward me. Somehow, though I\'92d just faced a hundred of these monstrous things, facing one alone felt different.\
Looking into the eyes of a creature that once was human, and knowing that you must cut him down\'85\
Even though I\'92d been told that this poor wretch was already dead, I didn\'92t know what to believe.\
My heart began to hammer against my chest. The sweat within my mask turned cold. The creature met my eyes.\
I\'92ll never forget those eyes. Pale, colorless orbs, set within a face that was little more than skin and bones. No wonder I faltered when\'97years later\'97I looked into Lord Connor\'92s eyes, and they were the same. No wonder these creatures still fill me with dread to this day.\
The creature dragged its hands across the gore-slick floor and crawled its way to me. With no legs to walk upon, this wretched creature was persistent in its hunger. It dragged itself slowly, breathing through its nostrils, those pale eyes unblinking.\
I set the lamp down on the ground and sheathed my sword. I reached out to take hold of him, careful not to let him bite me.\
That was when I was seized from behind.\
I whirled around to see one of those hideous wretches I thought I\'92d slain, grasping my ankle. The creature was pulling itself out from under the pile of corpses, and its grip was strong and unrelenting. I reached to draw my sword again; if it would not relinquish its grip, I would sever its arm from its body.\
But I was grabbed again from behind, this time by the arm.\
I yelped and pulled away, somehow managing to free myself from the creature\'92s grip, but I stumbled over the pile over corpses and fell. I landed in a mess of limbs softened by decay and wet with gore.\
The stench in the barn was horrible, even through my mask, but it was worse amongst that pile of severed limbs and still-groping fingers.\
I could hear them breathing. I felt the pile of corpses writhe.\
In the throes of panic, I pushed myself back, away from the pile of corpses, even as they grabbed at me. I caught glimpses of their pale eyes, still looking at me. They grasped at me with renewed fervor. I pushed and kicked and shoved my way backward, away from the corpses, until I was free of them.\
How many of these creatures had somehow survived their slaughter? I\'92d hacked off their limbs, slit their throats, or disemboweled every last one of them.\
Only the ones whose faces I\'92d failed to cut through, whose eyes I\'92d not poked out\'97these were the ones whose bodies were still moving. Dr. Karnstein had warned me. She\'92d told me to destroy their brains. But I hadn\'92t grasped the importance of that point. I did now.\
Suddenly, \cb2 I heard the hiss of one of those creatures whispering in my ear\cb1 . Its voice was cold on the back of my neck, so close I could feel it. I whirled around and screamed.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6EBBF846-DC8D-49AD-8307-1032F0C3F82C"}}{\fldrslt It was the creature with no legs}}. Suddenly, it reached out with its gnarled and yellowing fingernails and grabbed at my mask, tearing at the leather stitching. It dug in with its fingers in such a frenzy that against all odds, it managed to tear open a weak spot in the mask, even with its rotting muscles and flesh. \
And when it had torn a hole in the eye of the mask, it reached in and grasped my naked flesh as hard as it could with its atrophied muscles.\
It gouged me with its sharp nails until it broke the skin and hot blood squirted from my face like the juice of a burst grape.\
I screamed and screamed as my own blood rained down upon the zombie\'92s face. I felt warm blood run down my cheek. I felt sick.\
At some point, I wasn\'92t sure when, I\'92d lost the vision in my right eye.\
I felt a dull pain in my right arm, but I hardly noticed it. Something was biting me. Tearing through the fabric of my sleeve, chewing through my flesh. Biting down to the marrow.\
I fought back, kicking and screaming.\
Even as I struggled, I could still see that horrid creature raise its bloodied hands to its mouth and chew happily upon my severed eye.\
I tore myself away from the hands that grasped me, tore my arm from the hungry jaws of a dead man. I felt faint. Dizzy. Nauseous.\
I grasped for my blade. I struggled to my feet, caught my balance, and raised a hand to run the zombie through with my blade. I found I could barely lift the sword with that arm. Blood had soaked through my sleeve. There was no feeling in my arm. No pain. Just numbness.\
I transferred the sword to my other arm and stabbed it through the zombie\'92s hideous face as it licked its lips.\
I\'92d ceased being afraid now. Now I was furious.\
I reached down {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://457DE6F9-DFC0-407B-9F0B-72F16E6479EB"}}{\fldrslt and tore my eye from its jaws }}and held onto it as tightly as I could with my hand that had lost all feeling.\
Turning back to the pile of corpses, I roughly grabbed each one that looked at me, beginning with the one that had ravaged my arm.\
I pulled it from the pile and shoved my sword through its head. I continued in that manner until the bodies stopped twitching. All of them but one, anyway.\
Dragging the severed upper body and head of the last remaining zombie with my one good arm, I pushed open the door of the barn. Stumbling dizzily, I hiked across the lawn toward the mansion.\
Papa Doc and his servants must have become accustomed to strange noises coming from the barn, because no one had come outside to investigate. Or maybe they were all still asleep.\
I revved the engine that powered the Icarus wings, pulled a cord to spread my wings, and levitated, off the ground, heading towards the upstairs window where Papa Doc was most likely sleeping. I can\'92t remember what happened next. I blacked out.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc

\i0 \cf0 Chapter Twenty-Seven\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93The dismal quarter of Soho seen under these changing glimpses, with its muddy ways, and slatternly passengers, and its lamps, which had never been extinguished or had been kindled afresh to combat this mournful re-invasion of darkness, seemed\'85like a district of some city in a nightmare.\'94\
\
- Robert Louis Stevenson
\b \

\b0 \
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 While he walked, his mind was at work. Bailey wandered the sidewalk, sniffing for owls and perking his ears up at the sound of distant crickets. Night had fallen.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Occasionally, they heard the sounds of zombies in the distance, and Roderick tightened his grip on his cane.\
A corvine bird perched on the archway of a house.\
\'93Quoth the raven,\'94 Roderick muttered.\
Bailey continued to sniff the ground, and Roderick paced anxiously beside him. \'93Just do your business, my boy. The sooner we get back inside, the better.\'94\
Though Bailey had been inside all day, the smell of the city had changed so drastically, he was too unsettled to mark his territory just yet. He needed to explore a bit first. Roderick\'92s neighborhood seemed deserted, so he let the dog be, but kept a tight hand on the leash, and kept his eyes and ears open.\
\'93Good lad, don\'92t you think, Bailey?\'94 Roderick said, thinking of R\'e9my.\
He sighed wistfully. The boy obviously adored him, and Roderick felt a pang of guilt for leading him on. Guilt coupled with longing. It was not that Roderick didn\'92t return his affection. But Roderick\'92s mind was occupied by more than just romantic affections. He didn\'92t have time to allow fickle things like love to distract him. There were zombies about.\
Zombies. The word still felt foreign on his tongue. It still felt impossible. While many people were quick to accept the supernatural, Roderick was a skeptic. Belief in the supernatural was not merely normal; it was in vogue. In a city where spiritualist mediums and fortune tellers could be as famous as actors and actresses, Roderick\'92s skepticism was a rarity. Fashionable men and women had s\'e9ances to contact their loved ones from beyond the grave. Ghosts, vampires, werewolves. What reason did anyone have to doubt their existence?\
As for Roderick, his father had been a policeman, as well as an alcoholic. Edward Steen had made a modest salary as a detective at Scotland Yard, in spite of his inability to refuse a glass of whiskey when one was proffered. He\'92d retired young, if retirement was the right word. The truth was that he\'92d drank himself out of a job. Roderick\'92s wealth was not inherited; it was earned. Roderick hadn\'92t seen his father in years, and almost never thought about him. It was strange that Roderick should think of him now.\
Edward Steen 
\i was
\i0  superstitious. He believed that murderers were possessed by devils, that sin was a gateway for demons to cross over into our world. Perhaps that was exactly why Roderick was so steadfastly logical. Perhaps this was also why he never let a drop of liquor touch his lips. Edward Steen had always preferred cats to dogs, drink to drugs, and superstition to logic.\
But then, what if an irrefutable fact presented itself, one which explained the logic behind the superstition. If pragmatism must prevail, then Roderick was forced to consider that even myths may have a foundation in truth. Here, in this city, Roderick had seen the dead rise. He had seen them feast on the flesh of the living. If he could not trust his own eyes, what could he trust?\
Roderick tried to shake off the curious sensation that he had fallen down a rabbit hole and was likely to open his eyes and find himself in his own bed at any moment.\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he called.\
Silence greeted him in return. The leash had somehow slipped from his hand. He swore, cursed himself for letting his mind wander.\
No jangling collar. No scampering feet. No hyperactively sniffing snout. Just the unnerving silence of 
\i Dead London
\i0 . He whirled around, seeking any sign of his furry friend. A single flickering gas lamp cast long shadows onto the square brick buildings that lined the road. It was nearly dawn, but the street was still dark.\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he called again.\
A layer of fog drifted along the cobblestones. He heard a sound that might have been Bailey\'92s collar and spun in the direction of the sound. He saw only a chain attached to a locked gate, rattling in the wind.\
\'93Bailey, where have you gone, boy?\'94 he called out into the dark.\
He stood, helpless, on the side of the street, his arms wide, imploring, calling Bailey to him.\
Finally, a sound broke through the unnerving silence. The movement of feet. He followed the sound, despite the danger of wandering an alleyway alone in a city plagued by the dead.\
Throwing caution to the wind, he stepped into the alley, following the footsteps into the darkness. His eyes still adjusting to the gloom, he made his way through the alley almost entirely by sound alone. The footsteps stopped, but he followed them, until he nearly walked straight into their source.\
A man stood there, still mostly indistinguishable in the darkness. His back was to Roderick, and in this dim light, he was more shadow than man. But perhaps he\'92d seen his dog. Perhaps Bailey had followed his scent in search of a new playmate.\
Speaking of scent, even Roderick could have followed this man\'92s scent. He must have been living in this alleyway; even in the stench of London, the man\'92s smell was potent. He smelled sickly. Like walking death.\
Roderick felt a knot beginning to form in the pit of his stomach. An unsettling chill that came not from the night\'92s cold breeze, but from the fear that crept up his spine. Fear that this man was not living.\
\'93Sir,\'94 he said, desperation overcoming his fear. \'93My dog,\'94 he pleaded. \'93Have you seen my dog? He must have come this way.\'94\
The man didn\'92t turn. Not right away. Just kept on chewing. Yes, he was eating something. Chewing noisily. The scent of fresh meat penetrated even the homeless man\'92s own sour stench of sweat and rot.\
\'93Please,\'94 said Roderick. \'93My dog\'97\'94\
Finally, the man turned.\
Roderick recoiled. His face. It was covered in blood and meat. He could see that, even in the darkness. Blood and meat. His teeth, glistening, red, chunks of meat between his teeth. Chewing noisily upon gristle and flesh. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5285E1B7-EB9A-42EC-AFD3-6AB72ABCD534"}}{\fldrslt In his hands, a ravaged handful of meat and wet fur.}}}