{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 R\'e9my was first out the door. Jonathan called out to stop him. In the corner of his eye, he saw Miss Monday\'92s teacup fall to the floor and shatter as she abandoned her chair.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93R\'e9my, wait!\'94 she called, but the young man was already out the door and headed into the street.\
Even the ground was rotten\'97fallen leaves, wet with rain, squelched under Jonathan\'92s feet as he hurried after them.\
\'93Stay here!\'94 he called to Palmer, KasKass, and Lockwood, who halted at the door. \'93We\'92ll be back in a moment.\'94\
He was already losing Miss Monday and R\'e9my, whose silhouettes were disappearing into the fog and the dark. Dawn was beginning to break, a vermilion streak across the horizon, while the slender sickle-like blade of a crescent moon still hung from the sky, but the fog seemed to devour all light. It gave everything a yellowed appearance, like an aged photograph.\
\'93Which way did the scream come from?\'94 he asked, when he managed to catch up to Monday. \'93Are you sure we\'92re headed the right way?\'94\
As if in answer, they heard another scream. If there had been any doubt that it was Roderick\'92s voice, that doubt was gone now.\
\'93Roderick!\'94 R\'e9my cried, and tore down the street in pursuit of his lover.\
\'93Quiet,\'94 Jonathan hissed. \'93Are you trying to wake the dead?\'94\
That expression took on new meaning. So far they\'92d been lucky not to run into any zombies in Roderick\'92s neighborhood, but the dead were around. They were everywhere, wandering like ghosts through the shadows. The inhuman sound of distant, hungry moaning had become a soundscape as constant as the striations of crickets in a cornfield, each voice blending with another. The sound was punctuated only by the occasional screams of the living as they either ran for cover or were eaten alive. Whatever had made Roderick scream was probably a zombie.\
But R\'e9my carried on, heedless of Jonathan\'92s warning, abandoning caution and tearing loudly down the street, his leather boots slapping against the stone street as loud as gunshots in the near-silence.\
\'93He\'92s going to get himself killed,\'94 Miss Monday hissed.\
\'93He\'92s going to get 
\i us
\i0  killed,\'94 Jonathan said. \'93Are you armed?\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C84494FA-4F50-46B5-B368-2891985572D3"}}{\fldrslt Miss Monday rolled her eyes\'97including her clockwork prosthesis\'97and raised her crossbow. \'93What kind of question is that?\'94 she asked. \'93Have you met me?\'94}}\
\'93Come on then,\'94 Jonathan said.\
They hurried after R\'e9my, hoping they weren\'92t too late to save Roderick, and that Miss Monday\'92s prediction wouldn\'92t come true.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Twenty-Nine\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93All was a scene of terror and confusion. It seemed to the affrighted assembly as if the dead had risen from their graves.\'94\
\
- Anonymous, 
\i The Skeleton Crew
\i0 \
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Roderick slammed into the door again, but still it held. His shoulder ached with his efforts, but the wood was beginning to splinter. It might have been boarded up from the inside. Still, another few kicks and it would swing open. Only there was no time. The zombies were at arm\'92s length. He raised his cane-sword. It was all he had to defend himself with now that his gun was empty.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 At least it was better than the feeble letter opener he\'92d had earlier. He swung at the nearest of them. He sliced through the brittle skull of another, hacked off the jaw of a third. It came at him again, leering with its face sliced in two. There were too many of them. He tried to take a step back, but hit the wall of the building. There was nowhere to run, and no way he could fight them off.\
A gunshot rang out in the small space of the alleyway. Roderick ducked and covered his head as another shot was fired. One of the zombies staggered and fell, a crossbow bolt through its skull. Out of the corner of his eye, Roderick could see two figures firing in his direction. If they missed, they\'92d hit Roderick. He wondered if they could even see him in the dark.\
\'93Careful!\'94 he called. \'93I\'92m not one of them!\'94\
Bailey barked in agreement.\
Apparently ignoring his instruction, the dark figure with the crossbow fired another shot. His aim was good, however, and another zombie hit the ground, bolt piercing through its eye. Shakily, Roderick got to his feet.\
He could still count a dozen zombies, but he might actually stand a fighting chance now that he had help. Another gunshot rang out, followed by another crossbow bolt that went flying into one of the zombie\'92s throats. Syrupy, dark clots of blood oozed from the creature\'92s throat, but it still staggered forward, heedless of the bolt in its neck.\
Roderick slammed the point of his sword into the creature\'92s eye, and drove it in deep. With a slurp of blade against brain and bone, he pulled the blade free and whirled it again.\
The next zombie to come at him was a woman, her dress dirty and tattered. Her organs spilled out of her, wet and rotten. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5C177F12-1F4E-4699-923C-AC0BE6DAD532"}}{\fldrslt Her belly was swollen with pregnancy, but it had been ripped open, the umbilical cord hanging loose from the gaping hole in her stomach}}. Feeling sick with pity and disgust, Roderick staggered back, and took a moment to steel himself for what he had to do.\
He looked into the woman\'92s eyes to remind himself that she was already dead. Then he ran his sword through her. She didn\'92t scream or cry out as she died. She simply fell silent and stopped moving. She hit the ground, mouth hanging open.\
Roderick\'92s heart pounded. He gritted his teeth, wiped the sweat from his brow with his handkerchief, and deftly whirled his blade.\
Finally, his freshly changed clothes soiled with gore, a pile of corpses surrounded him and his dog, and he sheathed his cane-sword. He took a moment to allow his nerves to steady.\
\'93It\'92s alright, Bailey,\'94 he said, though the dog was relatively calm.\
It was Roderick that needed the assurance. He tried not to look at the sea of corpses that surrounded him. He tried not to think about the lives these men and women had once had, as he gingerly stepped over their mutilated and rotten bodies. The pregnant woman in particular left a lasting impression in his mind.\
He raised his hand as he approached the shadowy figures in the alley. His saviors.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said.\
As he drew nearer, dawn\'92s light steadily rising, fog clearing to reveal faces, he recognized Miss Monday as the crossbow wielder. The man with the gun was Jonathan.\
Roderick smiled, relief turning to embarrassment. He let out a nervous laugh.\
\'93Well, that was more of an adventure than we bargained for, eh Bailey?\'94 he said. \'93I\'92m lucky to see you two.\'94\
Jonathan said nothing, face grave, blood in his hair and on his hands. Miss Monday\'92s face and clothes were stained with blood. She wiped her face and panted for breath.\
\'93We\'92d better get back,\'94 she said, \'93God knows how many of these rotten things there are wandering about.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Roderick, who followed as she turned on her heel and headed back in the other direction.\
Jonathan halted him with a hand on his shoulder.\
\'93What is it?\'94 he asked.\
He took another look at his friend\'92s face. His expression was not merely grave. There were tears in the corner of his eyes, pity written on his brow.\
\'93What\'92s happened?\'94 he asked.\
That\'92s when he noticed that the blood on Jonathan\'92s face and hands was still wet and bright, unlike the blood of the zombies. It was fresh, and it wasn\'92t Jonathan\'92s own.\
Roderick\'92s heart stopped. A hard lump formed in his throat. He tried to speak, and found that he couldn\'92t. His mouth was dry. The words froze on his lips.\
\'93No,\'94 he said, at last. His voice was a quiet whisper, raw with rage and pain. He wanted to scream, but the word came out silent, choked and broken, a silent sob.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93R\'e9my?\'94 he said, searching his friend\'92s face for some sign that he\'92d misunderstood, that it was someone\'97anyone else\'97who\'92d died. Palmer, or Lockwood, or even Miss Hattori.HattoriClementine. Roderick would have given anyone else\'92s life just to know that R\'e9my was still alive. He\'92d never told R\'e9my how much he loved him, how much he meant to him. He hadn\'92t even realized it himself, until now that he was gone.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 Jonathan said again, but Roderick couldn\'92t hear him over the sound of his own heart beating.\
They followed Miss Monday back to Roderick\'92s house, but Roderick was barely aware of his surroundings, even as Monday cleared the path with her crossbow and Jonathan with his gun. He simply followed along blindly. He could have been eaten alive by the dead and he would hardly have felt it\'97all he could think about was R\'e9my. All he could see was his face. All he could feel\'97the last kiss they\'92d shared.\
He was vaguely aware that they\'92d made it back to his place, of Lockwood and KasKass and Palmer staring in dumbstruck horror as they {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://04C77D2A-0D6F-4D18-B4F5-9A1BEE93F406"}}{\fldrslt realized that R\'e9my hadn\'92t made it back}}. In the edge of his vision, he saw Bailey whimpering and circling anxiously around his leg.\
\'93They\'92re going to pay,\'94 he said, finally, gritting his teeth. \'93They\'92re going to pay for this.\'94\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://29E664C3-DA16-47CE-A327-664579B5B1A6"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \cb2 Day Three}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Thirty\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93He turned round - and his eyes encountered the cadaverous and sinister countenance of the Resurrection Man.\'94\
\
- George W.M. Reynolds\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Cloaked in olfactory camouflage\'97the stench of putrescence smeared on his clothes in streaking lines of gore and blood\'97a pale man walked with a slow gait, paused to unfurl his umbrella before stepping out into the rain and fog. He was ignored by the dead, who confused him for one of their own, thanks to his death-like stench and slow pace.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The dim light of a few street lamps pierced the blinding fog, cutting through the grey skies with orbs of yellow that melted into the mist.\
He ambled slowly through London\'92s bleak streets with purpose, passing through neighborhoods a gentleman of his prestige ought to have avoided even if the city wasn\'92t ridden with zombies. Eventually he reached Whitechapel, which had yet to be touched by the Lazarus Virus. Here, only the danger came from the living, but this danger was not one to be overlooked.\
The coarse voices of beggars called to him as he passed, drunken cries suffocated by liquor. Whispered words from toothless prostitutes, muffled by the patter of rain upon cobblestone, hardly managed to arouse his curiosity. He was here on business.\
He continued on his way through Whitechapel, not speaking a word to anybody, though he paused to lower his umbrella and to feel the rain pouring down upon his neck.\
Jack The Ripper once worked here, he thought. On these very streets, picking out women whose guts he wanted to see from the outside, and whose blood he wanted to spill. He thought about what that must be like, not from the whore\'92s point of view, but from the Ripper\'92s.\
Turning one\'92s thoughts to the contemplation of murder was a certain way to ease the boredom. Was that why Jack had done it? To feel his own pulse quicken as he felt their hot blood upon his face, stifled stifling their screams with a gloved hand upon their soft lips.\
There was fear in taking a person\'92s life. Fear of being caught, fear of being damned to hell, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BA7025C4-C6A4-4C2F-8343-67A18ED6F77E"}}{\fldrslt fear that one\'92s prey might not get away}}.\
Guilt. There was guilt, too. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F5C64EF7-EA37-45E1-9D5A-B079C7C9F65F"}}{\fldrslt Then again, perhapshe wasn\'92t so sureperhaps not. For him, there was no guilt;, but ; whenever he had killed, it washe had killed with a purpose, for the. }}The Dead London Project. Jack the Ripper was different. He appeared to have killed killed wantonly, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://173BA99B-BC8A-4A69-BAD5-C4A2F2481AC2"}}{\fldrslt without purpose or reason}}. Still, perhaps the Ripper had felt no guilt. Perhaps the thrill of murder had overcome those scant feelings of meaningless remorse. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://67D74A49-B5F3-4DD7-B7FB-C917D7F2C2BD"}}{\fldrslt Perhaps knowing that he could slit a woman\'92s throat and pluck out her insides as easily as slitting open the wax seal of a letter, made the Ripper feel so powerful as to render his victims\'92 lives meaningless in his eyes.}}\
He must have felt like a god. A god of death and destruction, a killing angel. The whores\'97ants to be crushed beneath his feet.\
It didn\'92t feel like so long ago that he had taken his first life, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8E75A2AF-C217-455B-A994-DD69C272D6C8"}}{\fldrslt not so long since he began to fear he would not be able to go through with it.}} The Dead London Project was too important to him to fail on account of something so ridiculous as his overdeveloped sense of the importance of human life. After all, that was the point of it all, anyway. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F3B03189-B695-486F-B8CD-82B99DBD9511"}}{\fldrslt To conquer life}}.\
To see his life\'92s work come to fruition, he needed to be like Jack the Ripper\'97powerful, able to claim lives without a single moment of regret, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://78F2D03D-0037-4B32-8766-5C706963F4D3"}}{\fldrslt to feel their hot blood upon his cheeks}}. He needed to be like Varney the Vampire, Sweeney Todd, or Anthony Tidkins, the very embodiment of fear, an emblem of death. A villain from a Penny Dreadful.\
Only then could he transcend who he really was. Pathetic. Weak. Frail. Emotional. He, who believed that nothing, not love, not art, not money, not even science, could possibly outweigh the worth of a single human life. He remembered the fear he\'92d felt. The doubt. 
\i Could he really take someone\'92s life?
\i0 \
And if he did, would it thrill him? Would it quicken his pulse with fear and guilt and revulsion? Or would he hesitate? Would he pause to reflect at the immorality of his actions, halt and consider the villainy of even thinking such damnable thoughts\'97the murder of innocents, the slaughter of thousands.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B0EADE97-9F6E-444B-BD72-0D3BDBE81D8A"}}{\fldrslt He felt his trousers tighten, felt the blood in his veins seem to quicken}}, felt his eyes light up with a fervor that made the darkness of the cloudy night seem strangely bright, and he remembered the very moment he\'92d known the answer to that question.\
No, he hadn\'92t hesitated. No, he hadn\'92t paused to reflect. No, he hadn\'92t felt the slightest flicker of guilt.\
Yes, he had been thrilled. Yes, his pulse had quickened. Yes, he\'92d felt more alive than he ever had in all his years.\
Aroused by that memory, he let his umbrella clatter upon the ground. He stripped off his jacket and his vest, and threw them upon the street. He peeled off his shirt as if overcome by fever. Feeling manic, he let the rain beat down upon his bare chest. He stared into the sky and watched the rain beat down upon the lenses of his mask.\
\'93\'91ello mister,\'94 said a voice, drawing his attention away from the heavens.\
A woman, delicate and soft-featured, though she was dirty and dressed in cheap and tattered cloth, raised her hand to her forehead to shield her eyes against the rain, and looked at him in surprise.\
Her blue, flower-print dress was drenched in rain, her hair soaked, and she was evidently intoxicated, as she staggered in his direction.\
\'93See somefin\'92 ye like?\'94 she called, raising her dress up to reveal a set of long legs. She named a price, and when he said nothing, lowered the price without a moment\'92s consideration. When he still made no reply, she raised her dress still further, giving him a flash of the goods.\
Finally, she cursed at him and turned to leave.\
Suddenly, she recoiled, as she caught a glimpse of his masked face through the roiling cloud of fog. She caught a flash of ivory-white skin beneath his mask, and through the foggy lenses of the mask, soft pink eyes.\
He moved slowly toward her as she staggered back, reaching into a small bag that he kept in his left hand, and withdrawing a small vial of green liquid. He reached into the bag again, and slotted the green vial into the back of a mechanical raven.\
He smiled beneath his mask, as the young woman watched him approach through the fog, surprise giving way to fear. \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 Yes
\i0 , he thought, at once thrilled and disturbed by the look on her pretty, young face. 
\i Yes, I do see something I like.
\i0 \
He tipped his hat and smiled, though she could not have seen his Cheshire grin, as it was hidden by the bird-like leather mask of a plague doctor.\
\'93Do you know who I am?\'94 he asked, replacing the hat upon his head and taking the clockwork bird out of his bag. His voice sounded strange and muffled through the leather mask, low and inhuman.\
She shook her head and began to move away from him, backing up until she stumbled into a wall and lost her balance. She fell, mud and rain splashing upon her dress and legs. She kicked out and began to scramble, backward, away from him. Her shoe slipped off, but she hardly seemed to notice.\
He wound the clockwork bird, and let it go. It took flight and wheeled overhead, hissing as it released the infectious gas.\
The sound of the woman choking, gasping for air. Her face turning blue. Her body twitching in the gutter. It delighted the Resurrectionist.\
\'93I am Anthony Tidkins,\'94 he said, \'93The Resurrection Man.\'94}