{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 While Mrs. Thompson left to speak with the kitchen staff about preparing the tea, Roderick was left alone in the company library. This was not Roderick\'92s first visit to the printing company\'92s library, but he\'92d never noticed a staircase in here before. Of course, that was the whole point of a secret staircase. It wouldn\'92t be in plain sight, he reasoned.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The library was one of the largest rooms in the company, and one of the most decadent in its decor. It had high ceilings to accommodate the tall bookshelves, and ladders on wheels were used to access the books on the top shelves.\
The room was decorated with the busts of some of the company\'92s most famous authors. The library was divided into several sections, with the newspaper archives on a slightly lower level and the literary magazines and society papers up a few staircases on the east side of the library. The main section was dedicated to the penny dreadfuls and gothic novels.\
It could take Roderick days to find the hidden staircase. Palmer had explained that the hidden elevator in his office was accessed by activating a hidden lever, attached to a false book, but he didn\'92t know how to open the staircase\'97only that it existed. Roderick was reasonably confident that it would be accessed by activating another hidden lever, probably one attached to a false book. The question was\'97
\i which book?
\i0  Mr. Grimmer had enjoyed his secrets, and so even Palmer hadn\'92t been privy to that information. Thus, it was up to Roderick to figure it out, and he needed to do so in a matter of minutes. Before Mrs. Thompson returned with the tea.\
He scanned the shelves and tried not to be disheartened. There were thousands of books. Thousands of possibilities. Roderick needed to narrow it down to just one.\
He folded his cane under the pit of his arm, and strode purposefully over to one of the bookshelves. Palmer\'92s secret elevator was accessed via 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 , a compilation of penny dreadful tales of zombies. Naturally, it had some significance to Palmer and Grimmer, who had built the underground facility in order to improve their odds in the fight against zombies. Whichever tome was used to activate the hidden elevator, it was likely to be one that held some significance to Charles Grimmer. Something to do with zombies, Roderick supposed. It was unlikely, however, that Mr. Grimmer would have reused 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 .\
He scanned the titles on the shelves, hoping that one of them might jump out at him. 
\i The Flying Dutchman
\i0 . 
\i Ela The Outcast
\i0 . 
\i The String of Pearls
\i0 . 
\i Varney The Vampire
\i0 . 
\i The Children of the Night
\i0 . It was easy enough to eliminate the titles that didn\'92t fit. The trick was finding the one that did. Roderick was still running his fingers over the spines of the dusty novels, when the door swung inward, announcing Mrs. Thompson\'92s return.\
\'93Find anything, Mr. Steen?\'94 she asked innocently.\
He managed to hide his disappointment at her return, offering her a smile, as she directed the servant to lay out a spread of tea on the table.\
\'93Extra honey for Mr. Steen,\'94 she said, giving him a conspiratorial wink. \'93He likes it sweet.\'94\
Roderick flushed at her flirtation, but he considered that perhaps he could use her to his advantage. She\'92d already proved helpful in getting him into the library.\
\'93Perhaps you could help me to remember a title I was thinking of,\'94 he said.\
\'93Of course. I\'92ve been with the Grimmer Company a long time. I\'92m familiar with most of the titles. Though,\'94 she added, making a sweeping gesture at the numerous books, \'93Certainly not all of them.\'94\
\'93The one I\'92m looking for would be about ghouls,\'94 he said. \'93Creatures that had returned from the dead, and which consumed human flesh.\'94\
\'93Ah. That\'92s an easy one,\'94 she said with a smile. \'93You\'92re thinking of 
\i Tales of Dead London. 
\i0 One of our most popular titles.\'94\
\'93Is there anything 
\i else
\i0  that meets that description?\'94 he asked. \'93Something other than 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 ? Something, perhaps, that held some significance to Mr. Grimmer?\'94\
Roderick saw a flicker of recognition in Mrs. Thompson\'92s expression. She nodded thoughtfully and adjusted her spectacles. At last, she said. \'93I\'92m not sure this is what you\'92re thinking of\'85\'94\
\'93Try me.\'94\
\'93Well, following the success of 
\i Dead London
\i0 , Mr. Grimmer commissioned another series to be written in a similar style. He turned down hundreds of submissions, however, dismissing them all as cheap imitations. Eventually, he ended up writing the series himself. It was a commercial failure, however, so the series ended prematurely, but Mr. Grimmer was always quite fond of it.\'94\
\'93That\'92s it!\'94 Roderick said. \'93It must be! Mrs. Thompson, you brilliant woman!\'94\
Her cheeks dimpled, and she flushed, scarlet.\
\'93Do you remember what was it called? Where might I find it?\'94\
\'93Now, let\'92s see,\'94 she said, and began to walk up and down the shelves, looking for the title in question. Eventually, she paused. \'93Yes, here it is.\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\i \cf0 The Hunting Society
\i0 , Roderick read, 
\i by Charles Grimmer
\i0 .\
There were tiny screws sticking into its spine, hidden to the unobservant but plain as day to Roderick, who was specifically looking for anything out of the ordinary.\
\'93It\'92s about a secret society that hunts ghouls,\'94 said Mrs. Thompson, who seemed delighted to have found it. \'93Quite gruesome. Do you read penny dreadfuls, Mr. Steen?\'94\
\'93Not generally,\'94 Roderick replied. \'93But I do make the odd exception.\'94\
He grabbed the book, thinking its interior might contain some further clue, but rather than sliding easily off the shelf, the book pulled out at an angle and clicked into place at a forty-five degree angle and would budge no further.\
The book must have activated a switch, hidden behind the shelf. A hidden panel in one of the walls began to slide forward, and the cacophonous sound of an enormous machine began to swell like the crescendo of an excessively percussive orchestra. When it was finished, Roderick could see the spiral staircase, hidden in the alcove behind the panel.\
Mrs. Thompson shrieked with alarm.\
Roderick let go of the book, and the panel began to slide back into place.\
\'93Mrs. Thompson, would you be so kind as to hold on to this?\'94 he asked.\
Her face was frozen in shock. \'93Mr. Steen, what\'92s going on?\'94\
\'93Just hold this,\'94 he said.\
She had every right to probe further, to demand to know what was going on, but she nodded and grabbed hold of the book.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said.\
He headed towards the staircase. Once through the gap that had been hidden by the sliding panel, he stepped onto the staircase and began to descend. He paused. While Roderick flattered himself that he was a handsome enough gentlemen and that he had a certain charm that tended to affect women, somehow he thought there was more to Mrs. Thompson than that.\
\'93Mrs. Thompson, why are you helping me?\'94 he asked.\
She flashed him a matronly smile. \'93I\'92ve been with the Grimmer Company a long time, ever since Mr. Grimmer was just a boy. I know you\'92re a friend of his. My loyalty is to Mr. Grimmer. I trust that yours is too, Mr. Steen.\'94\
Roderick nodded. Mrs. Thompson must have observed enough suspicious activity to know that something was going on beneath the Grimmer company, even if she didn\'92t know exactly what it was.\
 \'93You can let go now, Mrs. Thompson.\'94\
\'93Be careful, Mr. Steen.\'94\
The panel slid closed, shutting Roderick in to the dark stairwell. With one hand on the railing, he began to climb down. He could hear the harsh, ululating sound of a hand-cranked siren resonating throughout the compound. Whatever chance they\'92d had at stealth, it was gone. The Resurrectionists already knew they were here.\
\pard\tx18\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Chapter Thirty-Five\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \'93Dreams come through stone walls, light up dark rooms, or darken light ones, and their persons make their exits and their entrances as they please, and laugh at locksmiths.\'94\
\
- Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu, 
\i Carmilla
\i0 \
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Jonathan crept along the dimly lit hallway, the undulating tones of the siren reverberating throughout the facility. Their plan had already failed, if the Resurrectionists knew they were here. He could have killed Palmer for his betrayal. If Roderick or Miss Monday ended up hurt because of it, he really would.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 He needed to hurry, though. Abandoning stealth, he raced down the hallway toward the laboratory. As he rounded the corner, the siren sound cut off, and Jonathan nearly ran straight into \cb2 a pair of Resurrectionists\cb1 . He came to an abrupt halt and held his breath. They had their backs to him, but it was nothing short of a miracle that they didn\'92t turn around and face him.\
He drew his gun just to be ready. Quietly, he doubled back around the corner, and positioned himself so that he could see them, but they could not see him so easily.\
The one on the left was a woman. She had dark brown skin, and her hair was neatly braided into cornrows. Jonathan watched as she pulled her mask down over her face and looked out through the tinted glass of the mask\'92s eyes.\
\'93Put your mask back on,\'94 she said to her partner. \'93My fianc\'e9e\'92s gaze can be somewhat intoxicating.\'94\
The man snorted. \'93I\'92m sure I can resist Mr. Sinews\'92 charms.\'94\
Jonathan clamped his hand over his mouth to suppress a gasp. Parson Sinews\'92 fianc\'e9e was a Resurrectionist? He wondered if Sinews knew. No wonder she\'92d been at Lord Connor\'92s. Jonathan was hardly surprised to learn that Sinews\'92 taste in women tended towards the exotic.\
\'93I wouldn\'92t be so sure, Mr. Grundy,\'94 she replied.\
Jonathan\'92s eyes widened. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://33AAF3B0-0DB3-431B-A6AA-C67B1D505527"}}{\fldrslt Of all the Resurrectionists Jonathan could have run into, here was Solomon Grundy, the man he\'92d first met at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade, along with Miss Lucy Marshall. }}The woman with Grundy now was not Miss Marshall, but another woman, who Jonathan didn\'92t recognize.\
As they rounded the next corner of the hallway, Jonathan followed, gun at the ready. If they turned and spotted him, he would enjoy putting a bullet into Grundy\'92s arrogant face. As for Mr. Sinews\'92 fianc\'e9e, he wasn\'92t so sure. Could he really shoot an unarmed woman, even if she was a Resurrectionist? He was about to find out.\
He followed them around the next corner, then came to a halt. The Resurrectionists stood in front of the holding cells. Jonathan could make out the shadowy figure of the prisoner in the cell. It was Parson Sinews.\
\'93Hello, Parson,\'94 said the woman. \'93My name is Dr. Mircalla Karnstein, and this is Solomon Grundy. We\'92re here to take you to Chateau d\'92If.\'94\
Again, Jonathan\'92s eyes widened at what he was hearing. He recalled Miss Monday\'92s story about going to Haiti with Anthony Tidkins. They\'92d met with a woman named Mircalla Karnstein. A dark-skinned woman who wore her hair in cornrows. It had to be the same woman. He remembered that Monday had learned Dr. Karnstein\'92s real name.\
\'93Camille,\'94 said Parson Sinews. \'93Did you think I wouldn\'92t recognize you?\'94\
\'93Darling,\'94 she said, soothingly.\
\'93Mircalla?\'94 he said with a sneer. \'93A clever alias, I grant you. A pseudonym within a pseudonym.\'94\
\'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://74EC38F4-69DC-4EC1-898F-D0C6483A3F8C"}}{\fldrslt So you\'92ve read, 
\i Carmilla
\i0 ?}}\'94 she asked.\
\'93The name suits you. Carmilla was a deceptive whore.\'94\
\'93Time to go, Mr. Sinews,\'94 said Grundy, interrupting the lover\'92s quarrel.\
Jonathan wondered how Mr. Sinews had guessed Dr. Karnstein\'92s identity so easily. Was her voice so familiar to him that he could recognize it despite the strange distortion of the gas mask? Or were her movements and mannerisms so distinct that he could recognize her despite her face being covered? Then again, maybe it was simply the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CE0F9018-240E-4D57-B3D8-0C12D4E92F06"}}{\fldrslt cornrows }}that gave her away.\
Jonathan watched as a couple of guards appeared, opened the door of Sinews\'92 cell, and led him from it. Jonathan stepped out into the hallway and raised his pistol. Sinews saw him first, and ducked to avoid being shot.\
Jonathan fired, hitting one of the guards in the shoulder. The Resurrectionists cried out in surprise. Though Sinews was bound at the wrists, with his arms tied behind his back, he leapt into action. \cb3 He twisted his arms to get them in front of him, and with a sickening pop as his shoulders dislocated, to get his arms in front of him. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6D86545C-ED0C-4676-87B7-80A54E374392"}}{\fldrslt Then, grabbing the second guard around the neck}}, he used the ropes that bound his wrists to begin strangling the man.\cb1 \
Jonathan fired another shot, putting yet another bullet into the first guard. Meanwhile, Solomon Grundy managed to grab the guard\'92s gun out of his belt. He leveled it at Jonathan and fired, missing narrowly. Jonathan ducked back around the corner as another bullet struck the wall he\'92d been standing in front of just a second ago. The smell of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A4CAA902-31EA-4ADE-8398-91B4D516AC56"}}{\fldrslt cordite }}filled the air.\
Grundy fired another shot as warning, forcing Jonathan to stay put. He wondered how Sinews was faring, and risked sticking his head out to look. Grundy nearly took his head off with another bullet. Jonathan sucked in a breath, and retreated behind the wall again.\
If he\'92d known what type of gun Grundy carried, he might have been able to count his ammunition, and mount his counter-attack while Grundy reloaded.was reloadingreloaded. As it was, he had no idea how well fortified his adversaries were. He couldn\'92t risk firing without seeing what he was looking at, or he\'92d be just as likely to hit Parson Sinews as to hit the Resurrectionists. And he couldn\'92t risk stepping out without being fired upon himself. For now, the Resurrectionists had the upper hand. There was nothing he could do but wait and be ready.\
He heard Grundy\'92s voice, distinct only in that it was deeper than Dr. Karnstein\'92s. \'93Take him. I\'92ll deal with Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
Jonathan grinned. Outnumbered, the Resurrectionists had the upper hand. But given the chance to fight Grundy one-on-one, Jonathan would take his chances any day. He still had four bullets in his pistol, more than enough to take out Solomon Grundy.\
\'93Come out and face me, Jonathan,\'94 he called out arrogantly.\
Instead, Jonathan waited. He would fight Grundy, but he would do it on his own terms. He didn\'92t need to risk a fair fight.\
\'93Solomon Grundy,\'94 he shouted back, taunting, \'93Born on a Monday, christened on Tuesday.\'94\
\'93So, you know the rhyme?\'94 Grundy shouted back, his voice drawing nearer. He fired pistol, shattering bits of brick only inches from Jonathan\'92s face. \'93Married on Wednesday.\'94\
\'93Took ill on Thursday,\'94 Jonathan replied, sticking his arm out to fire back at Grundy.\
\'93Got worse on Friday,\'94 Grundy sneered, firing again, getting still closer to Jonathan, the bullet ricocheting loudly.\
By the sound of Grundy\'92s voice, the angle of his gunfire, Jonathan had formed a picture in his head of where Grundy was standing, and where his gun was pointed. He only hoped he was right.\
He stepped out into the hallway.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D62AEB57-7D8C-49C5-881C-2DB3367471F1"}}{\fldrslt \'93Died on Saturday,\'94 he said as he fired the first bullet. He put two more in Grundy\'92s chest. \'93Buried on Sunday.}}\'94\
He watched as Grundy hit the ground and lay still. The two guards lay dead by the door to Sinews\'92 cell, but there was no sign of Karnstein or Sinews.\
\'93That was the end of Solomon Grundy,\'94 he muttered as he stepped over the body, not feeling the least bit of pity for the man.\
He hurried along the hallway, reloading his pistol as he went. He rounded the next corner, hoping to catch sight of Sinews and Karnstein. Instead, the hallway was overrun by zombies.}