{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs28 \cf0 As Jonathan Grimmer stepped down onto solid ground, heads turned. It was one thing to arrive in an upscale carriage\'97like so many of the other guests\'97or to show up dressed in the finest silks money could buy. It was another thing entirely to arrive by airship. Even among the 
\i ton
\i0 , the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  drew attention. If Prince Albert himself had arrived at the party in an ornithopter, he would not have made such an impressive entrance. Which was precisely what Jonathan wanted. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://26859330-B2E3-4838-9E20-567406357EFE"}}{\fldrslt If he was to gain an audience with Lord Connor, he needed to get the man\'92s attention.}} He removed his hat and with a sweeping hand, gestured his thanks to his pilot. Even if he hadn't wanted to follow in Thomas Grimmer's footsteps, Jonathan had certainly inherited his theatricality.\
\'93Thanks, Ollie,\'94 he called.\
He returned his hat to his head and joined the lineup, while those who had been staring at him turned away and resumed their conversations as if to give the impression that they\'92d hardly noticed him. Jonathan could hear them whispering about him, feel them noticing his black eye and the scar beneath his cheek. Jonathan hated these kinds of events. Take the most pretentious, superficial toffs you can find, and pack them all into one big room. He wished he was at home nursing his aching head with a book, a cigarette, and a glass of whiskey. At least he had the whiskey.\
He rooted through his jacket pocket as he scanned the crowd for any sign of a familiar face, but he didn\'92t recognize a soul. He\'92d been away from London too long. And where the hell was Roderick? He had promised to be here. Jonathan sighed. Asking an artist to be punctual was like asking a surgeon to compose a sonnet. He took a swig of whiskey from his flask.\
As he continued his visual sweep through the sea of faces, he caught the eye of a beautiful woman who\'92d been staring at him. He forced a smile, while she returned her attention to her cigarette. Its tip glowed like a red eye, unblinking in the half-dark. She puffed out a cloud of smoke tapped the cigarette, spilling ash onto the pavement.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer, I presume?\'94 she said, as he joined her in the queue. The young lady was resplendent in her white ball gown, her thick black hair tightly braided into loose rows.\
He scrutinized her. Had they met before? He didn\'92t recognize her, so how did she know his name? As if she\'92d read his mind, she pointed out the logo emblazoned on his airship. With gaudy red lettering painted across one side of the balloon, the airship was a floating advertisement for 
\i Grimmer and Grimmer Theater Company.
\i0 \
Jonathan nodded. \'93Thomas Grimmer was my father,\'94 he said. \'93Please, call me Jonathan.\'94\
He took another swig from his flask and discretely returned it to its pocket, sewn into the inside of his jacket.\
\'93Thomas Grimmer, the famous illusionist?\'94 she asked, then noticing the flask, added, \'93is that whiskey?\'94\
Jonathan grinned sheepishly. \'93It is,\'94 he admitted.\
She flicked her finished cigarette onto the ground and stamped it out with her heel. Then, to his surprise, she reached out towards his flask, fingers open. \'93Do you mind?\'94\
Jonathan smiled. \'93Happy to oblige,\'94 he said, passing it to her. \'93And yes, 
\i that
\i0  Thomas Grimmer.\'94\
Jonathan's father was the owner of the 
\i Royal Albion Theatre. 
\i0 He was also a playwright, a publisher of penny dreadfuls, and an actor, but that wasn\'92t what he was known for. The world knew Thomas Grimmer as a stage magician, a masterful illusionist whose enigmatic performances had mystified audiences every Monday to Friday evening until his recent, untimely death. The theater was also known for its gruesome penny gaffs and its spectacular melodramas. Sadly, audiences had been dwindling over the years.\
\'93So,\'94 she said, and took a generous swig. \'93
\i Grimmer and Grimmer
\i0  must be a family business, then?\'94 she asked, speaking with a distinct French accent. She handed back the flask. \'93Mircalla Karnstein.\'94\
\'93Charmed,\'94 said Jonathan, flashing a smile.\
\'93And this is Mr. Solomon Grundy,\'94 she added, gesturing to the man standing beside her.\
Grundy turned around to join the conversation, a look of impatience on his face. He had arched eyebrows and an aquiline nose. He wore a sneer on his lip as though it was the latest fashion trend. He tipped his hat and offered a forced smile. He placed his hand on Miss Karnstein\'92s arm.\
\'93Charmed,\'94 Jonathan said again, this time without the slightest hint of sincerity. \'93An unfortunate name,\'94 he whispered to Miss Karnstein. Her cheeks dimpled.\
Grundy\'92s eyebrows narrowed further. \'93So, where does a theater man such as yourself get a black eye?\'94 he asked, examining Jonathan\'92s bruised and sallow complexion.\
He touched his cheekbone gingerly. \'93Lost a fight with a stagehand,\'94 he said.\
Grundy snorted.\
\'93I apologize,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93It\'92s just, I never said I was a theater man.\'94\
\'93I see,\'94 said Grundy. \'93So you didn\'92t follow in your father\'92s footsteps?\'94\
Jonathan hesitated. It was his Thomas Grimmer\'92s dream that Jonathan would eventually take over the theater. That dream had only ever driven Jonathan and his father apart, but now that his father was gone, he was beginning to rethink things. Jonathan had no brothers or sisters. He could always sell the theater, but didn\'92t he owe it to his father to keep it? At least he knew he could depend on Abraham Palmer for help while he figured things out. While Thomas Grimmer owned the theater, Palmer had always been responsible for its day-to-day affairs.\
\'93No,\'94 he said, but he decided he ought to clarify. \'93I\'92ve been on stage before, but that was mostly just to appease my father, and I haven\'92t done that in a long time. To be frank, I didn\'92t like the attention. I\'92m not exactly\'97\'94\
\'93Pardon me.\'94 Jonathan looked up as a young man bumped into him. Shrugging indifferently, the man pushed past them, and barged his way through the line. Jonathan and Grundy parted, letting him by, neither of them sure how else to proceed.\
\'93Well, I never!\'94 Grundy complained.\
Jonathan sighed. It was going to be a long night.}