{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Quite a business, I imagine,\'94 said Solomon Grundy, as the crowd continued to shuffle into Connor\'92s mansion. \'93Magic, Shakespeare, drama, it all sounds rather exciting for someone in my line of work\'97engineering, that is.\'94\
\'93We also put on penny gaffs,\'94 Jonathan said with a grin, enjoying the wide-eyed expression on Grundy's face. Meanwhile, Miss Karnstein\'92s eyes lit up. \'93And we own a small imprint that publishes penny dreadfuls.\'94\
The sensationalism and bloody subject matter of penny gaffs and penny dreadfuls were not considered to be in good taste among proper gentlemen. Jonathan\'92s family was among the wealthiest in all of London, but he was still looked at as the son of a theatre man. The only thing that gave him any respectability among the 
\i ton
\i0  was that he\'92d served in the military. He might have brought that up, but as he spent most of his service in the infirmary, it didn\'92t do him much credit. Instead, he enjoyed shocking more respectable gentlemen by talking about the source of his family\'92s wealth.\
\'93I\'92ve only just returned to London. I\'92ve been away for some time, but urgent family business required me to return. I\'92m expected to take over at 
\i Grimmer and Grimmer
\i0 , and I must admit it\'92s all rather new to me. I\'92m not an actor or a magician, and I don\'92t have a mind for business. Our theatre manager at the Albion, Mr. Palmer, encouraged me to start small, maybe write a play\'85\'94\
He disengaged his attention for a moment to peer ahead at the progress of the line. It was moving along quickly, Lord Connor\'92s servants competently ushering the guests inside. Jonathan would hate to be stuck talking to Grundy for long. He hated small talk at the best of times, and he found Grundy particularly nauseating.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer? You were saying\'85you\'92re planning on writing a play?\'94 asked Grundy.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 he said, returning his attention to the conversation. \'93Well, Mr. Palmer suggested I write something based on Jack the Ripper and his awful deeds. Those seem to be doing quite well at the Albion these days. However, I have something else in mind.\'94\
\'93And what\'92s that?\'94 asked Miss Karnstein.\
Jonathan took another swig from his flask. He wanted to hear from Lord Connor before saying anything more. Better to get the truth from Connor\'92s own mouth before leaping to conclusions. He thrust a hand into his pocket and felt the small scrap of paper in his father\'92s handwriting. 
\i Lord Connor is Francis Varney.
\i0 \
Francis Varney was the name of the fictional vampire in the penny dreadful 
\i Feast of Blood
\i0 . Jonathan knew that the Resurrectionists\'97that nefarious society of mad scientists who murdered and called it experimentation\'97adopted the names of penny dreadful characters as their own. 
\i Did this mean Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist? 
\i0 Whatever it meant, Jonathan wasn\'92t going to say another word before he talked to Connor himself.\
\'93If you see him, would you let Lord Connor know I\'92m hoping to speak with him?\'94 Jonathan said, as they finally reached the front steps of Connor\'92s mansion. Jonathan tucked his flask into his hidden pocket, right next to his revolver.\
His newfound friends nodded obligingly.\
\'93Of course,\'94 said Grundy.\
The butler held out his hand for their invitations as they stepped into the entryway. Grundy stepped aside.\
\'93After you, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 said Jonathan, as he reached into his pocket. \'93Now, where in the world has it gone?\'94\
\'93Your invitation, sir?\'94 said the butler.\
\'93I had it just a minute ago,\'94 Jonathan told him, bewildered. He was sure the invitation had been in his pocket. Anxiously, he checked his other pocket for the note from his father. It was still there.\
\'93Not to worry,\'94 said Grundy, flashing his own invitation. \'93Mr. Grimmer is with us.\'94\
The butler sniffed. \'93Very well, Mr. Grundy. If you can vouch for Mr. Grimmer. Now, let me see here\'85\'94 he trailed off as he checked his list. \'93There we are. Grimmer, Jonathan. But it says here that you\'92re already inside.\'94\
\'93Now that would be a neat trick,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93A simple clerical error,\'94 Grundy pronounced. He handed his and Miss Karnstein\'92s invitation to the butler. Then, taking Miss Karnstein\'92s arm, he marched inside. \'93Come on then, Jonathan.\'94\
Bewildered, Jonathan followed them inside. Grundy grinned snidely, obviously enjoying that he\'92d gotten Jonathan in without an invitation, if only so he could gloat about it. Ignoring him, Jonathan slipped on his mask. As he took in the crowded ballroom, he reminded them to keep a lookout for their host.\
\'93Of course,\'94 said Grundy, slipping on his own mask. His was black, leather, and in the shape of a bird. It looked like the masks that doctors used to wear during times of the Black Plague. Jonathan had a curious sense of d\'e9j\'e0 vu as he stared at it. There was something familiar about it, something dark and unsettling. He shook off the feeling. He needed to find Connor. He returned his attention to the other, numerous masked faces in the ballroom. How was he going to find a masked man among a throng of masked men?\
Saying a quick thank you for getting him in without his invitation, he turned to take his leave.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 Miss Karnstein called, stopping him. \'93The waltz is about to start, and I\'92m in need of a partner.\'94\
\'93And what of Mr. Grundy?\'94 Jonathan asked. He flashed her a quick smile and winked. Jonathan didn\'92t give two figs about Grundy.\
\'93Kind of you to think of me, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 said the man in question. \'93Miss Karnstein will surely save a dance for me.\'94\
\'93You should be so lucky,\'94 said Jonathan under his breath.\
Grundy\'92s fists tightened. Before he could form a reply, Jonathan grabbed Mircalla Karnstein by the hand and led her to the dance floor. At least, this should give him the opportunity to look for Connor without drawing attention. \
A massive circular room, Connor\'92s ballroom, designed by Lord Connor himself, was made to impress. In the center of the room was an enormous carousel which served as the dance floor. With enormous cogs and gears lining the ceiling and an enormous steel rod through the center of the floor, the carousel turned slowly while the dancers moved gracefully atop its surface, looking like life-sized ballerinas in an enormous music box. The effect was impressive. It must have taken an enormous amount of power to drive the carousel\'92s engine, but Connor\'92s guests seemed suitably impressed by the revolving dance floor, which took up the majority of the ballroom.\
\'93I must apologize,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93I believe I may have insulted your chaperone. I don\'92t know what came over me.\'94\
\'93Solomon has that effect,\'94 Mircalla whispered conspiratorially.\
\'93Then what are you doing with him?\'94 he asked, taking her hand to help her onto the carousel.\
They took a moment to adjust to the steady motion of the revolving floor and soon found that it was slow enough that they could still walk steadily across its surface\'97it was as if they were standing still, though they were making a slow tour of the room as they danced\'97but fast enough that the novelty was not lost. Jonathan put a hand on the small of Miss Karnstein\'92s back, the other in her gloved hand, as the musicians began the next song. The waltz.\
\'93It\'92s complicated,\'94 Miss Karnstein answered, letting Jonathan lead.\
Her white dress billowed elegantly as they stepped across the carousel.\
\'93You dance beautifully,\'94 he said, changing the subject.\
\'93You\'92re not so bad yourself, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 she said, letting him spin her around before placing her hand back on his shoulder.\
\'93Please, call me Jonathan.\'94 He smiled. \'93And it\'92s not so different from boxing, if you think about it,\'94 he said.\
\'93A bit less violent, I imagine.\'94\
\'93A bit,\'94 he admitted, his swollen cheeks stinging as he smiled. \'93Any sign of Lord Connor?\'94\
She turned her head and quickly ran her eyes over the other dancers and those standing on the sidelines. She shook her head.\
\'93You\'92re sure?\'94 he persisted. \'93It\'92s important.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sure,\'94 she said tightly.\
He let his hand drop from her waist. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he muttered, turning away from the dance floor.\
\'93He\'92ll be wearing a stag\'92s head mask,\'94 said Miss Karnstein, stopping Jonathan in his tracks.\
She held out her hand again and gestured for him to take it. He tore his eyes from the sea of masked faces and crossed the revolving floor to take her hand once more. He leaned in close as they picked up the dance where they left off. \'93How do you know that?\'94\
\'93You must promise not to think me incredibly silly when I tell you,\'94 she answered.\
Jonathan nodded. \'93I couldn\'92t possibly think that,\'94 he answered.\
Mircalla smiled coyly. \'93I read lady\'92s magazines,\'94 she told him. The details of gentlemen\'92s and lady\'92s outfits were often featured in such magazines, alongside news articles that were dumbed down to avoid offending the fairer sex\'92s delicate sensibilities. Jonathan raised an eyebrow. Mircalla didn\'92t seem the type.\
\'93Well, at least you\'92re keeping my family in business,\'94 he said, tightening his grip around her waist and moving gracefully across the rotating floor.\
Mircalla\'92s laugh was musical and bright. Her amber eyes were radiant within her plague doctor\'92s mask, a match to the one Grundy wore. There was something strange about that mask. It made Jonathan\'92s skin crawl, but he couldn\'92t imagine why.\
He turned away, keeping his eyes open for a man in a stag mask. Then he heard the gunshot.}