{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan flinched at the sound of gunfire, ducking and covering his head.\
\'93What is it?\'94 asked Mircalla, discreetly taking his hand and leading him from the carousel. His heart raced, and cold sweat formed on his brow. His nerves settled as he scoured the crowd for the shooter. He could feel all eyes on him. There was no gun. No one else had heard gunfire.\
\'93You didn\'92t hear that?\'94 Jonathan whispered. He was still shaking.\
\'93Hear what?\'94 Mircalla answered. She put an arm on his shoulder. \'93There was nothing.\'94\
Jonathan shook his head and tried to take deep breaths. Perhaps it was just the clang of clockwork, a cog in the machine that rotated the ballroom. After the news of his father\'92s death reached him in Africa, he\'92d been dismissed; he was no use to the army as an invalid anyway. Though he was in good health by the time he reached the shores of England, mentally he\'92d begun to unravel. This wasn\'92t the first time he\'92d heard gunfire no one else had heard. Endless fields of mowed down bodies plagued Jonathan\'92s nightmares. The thunder of rifles and the rattle of Maxim guns followed him into daylight, reminding him of all he\'92d seen. \
\'93Never mind,\'94 he said, his voice still unsteady. \'93You\'92re right. I\'92m sure it\'92s nothing.\'94 He took a deep breath. \'93What room do you suppose that would be?\'94 He pointed up at the ceiling, where the imagined gunshot had come from.\
Miss Karnstein paused to think for a moment.\
\'93Lord Connor\'92s study, I believe,\'94 she said. \'93What is it that you heard?\'94\
\'93Nothing. Thank you, Miss Karnstein,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93It\'92s been a pleasure.\'94\
He beelined for the stairs. Maybe it was just his mind playing tricks on him. Maybe not. Either way, a visit to Connor\'92s study was in order. If there was no one there, perhaps he would root around and find some further evidence of Connor\'92s association with the Resurrectionists.\
As he reached the top of the staircase, he turned away from the doors that led outside to the balcony and headed instead for the gate that seemed to bar the way to Connor\'92s private quarters. It was unlocked.\
The hinges creaked as the door opened into Connor\'92s study. His eyes widened as he took in the scene. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://9533F121-905A-4D2D-8F7E-36767F815676"}}{\fldrslt Even from where he stood, Jonathan could see the bullet hole through the dead man\'92s skull. There had been a gunshot, after all. The shooter was still struggling to get out from beneath the body.}}\
As he stepped into the dark room, his eyes began to adjust to the light, and the darkness began to reveal its secrets. The bloodstains on the carpet, the aged, wrinkled face of the dead man, his mottled discolored skin, the bullet hole in the back of his skull, the whites of his eyes. Jonathan had never met the man, but he had the feeling he knew whose body this was. He had been hoping to pry answers out of Lord Connor\'97answers about Connor\'92s possible connection to the Resurrectionists. There was no chance of that now. Connor was dead.}