{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Detective Taggert guided Roderick through Lord Connor\'92s house. Roderick took in the scene without saying much, simply observing the state of the bodies, trying to put names to some of the faces. Roderick was good with names, and read all the society papers. He recognized a good number of the faces, having once seen their engravings in print.\
\'93And Lord Connor? Where is he?\'94\
Taggert looked at him in mild surprise. He looked around, as if he might suddenly discover the man\'92s body among the others. It seemed that Taggert hadn\'92t even thought to look for the man of the house. To be fair, the detective did have a lot on his plate.\
\'93This was his party. He must be here somewhere,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Have you been through Connor\'92s private apartments yet?\'94\
Taggert admitted that he hadn\'92t, and gestured for a party of officers to join him. With Roderick trailing behind them, they marched upstairs. They found the gate to Connor\'92s private quarters unlocked and opened. They headed through it, each of the policemen opening doors along the side and peering in. Each of the rooms upstairs proved empty, with no sign that anyone had been there, until they reached Connor\'92s study.\
The policemen shared a look of alarm from the very moment they approached the door. It appeared to have been kicked in. The policemen entered the room first.\
Detective Taggert held the door open for Roderick to enter. Roderick had a certain way of entering a room. The bare feet and foppish attire tended to draw attention, but it was really his ego that drew attention. He was, after all, a famous artist, and carried himself accordingly. He couldn\'92t help but be dramatic.\
His eyes swept the room, taking in every detail; even the movement of his eyes was a performance. He stripped off his gloves, fished into his pockets and retrieved a piece of soft candy. He shoved the toffee into his mouth and chewed thoughtfully. The officers looked at him in bewilderment; not all of the police were accustomed to Roderick\'92s eccentricities.\
He handed the candy wrapper to a nearby policeman, who seemed at a loss as to what to do with it. He turned to Connor\'92s desk, perused the stack of papers atop it, pulled open the drawers, and slammed them shut.\
Of Connor\'92s body, there was no sign. So far, the intelligence Jonathan had provided had been outdated, which meant that quite a lot had happened here after Jonathan\'92s timely departure. Connor\'92s body, of course, had been in this room when Jonathan left it. It should have been there still. But Roderick couldn\'92t admit this knowledge to the police without giving away the fact that his friend had been here. He had to come up with the knowledge on his own.\
It was a bit like being asked to show one\'92s work for a math problem after solving the equation in one\'92s head. It was also the opposite of the way Roderick usually worked; he had to work backwards, knowing that Connor\'92s body had been moved, and appear to come to the same conclusion based on the evidence around him. Unfortunately, the evidence was slim. Best to simply throw himself into it with all that he had, he decided.\
\'93Connor died in this room,\'94 he proclaimed. \'93His body must have been moved, probably by the Resurrectionists, perhaps by the Resurrection Man himself.\'94\
Roderick chuckled nervously once he realized that all eyes were suddenly on him.\
Drawing him aside, Taggert said under his breath, \'93Don\'92t you think you\'92re leaping to conclusions? We don\'92t have a body. There\'92s no way you could know that Connor died here, let alone that he was even 
\i in
\i0  the room during the party.\'94\
\'93Perhaps you\'92re right,\'94 Roderick said loudly, for the benefit of the other policemen. Roderick was not to be deterred, and he worked better under pressure. \'93In the absence of a body, I shall defer to the other clues.\'94\
\'93Which are, what precisely?\'94 asked one of the policemen.\
Roderick let out an exaggerated sigh.\
\'93Is yours a practiced stupidity, or does it come naturally to you?\'94 he asked. \'93Very well then. The clues. First, there is the handle of the door, which as I\'92m sure you noticed, had a crimson stain on the handle. On its own, this might be considered quite innocuous; it could be wine or paint, but given that a massacre occurred in this house this very evening, it does 
\i seem 
\i0 a bit ominous, doesn\'92t it?\'94\
The policemen, Taggert included, shifted their focus to the bloodstained door. They took in the splintered wood and the loose hinges.\
\'93There is also the fact that the door has been kicked in\'97you can\'92t have failed to notice 
\i that. 
\i0 Either the killer broke in to Connor\'92s study, or the killer himself was intruded upon while finishing up his work. This seems most likely, as the killer went out the window.\'94\
The police officers turn to the window, then back to Roderick for an explanation: there seemed little to indicate that someone had gone out the window. Roderick glanced at the window, wondering if he\'92d just put his foot in his mouth. After all, he hadn\'92t actually found a clue to back up his version of events. He knew someone had gone out the window, because Jonathan had told him so. He went to the window, and looking it over, improvised.\
\'93The window was opened in a hurry, as any schoolboy could surely tell you. Note the deep grooves in the wood, here. Also consider that it is very chilly this evening. Why would Lord Connor have been working in his study with the window open on such a cold evening?\'94\
The police gaped at Roderick in stupefied silence, their mouths opening and shutting like goldfish.\
\'93Sometimes it is the most innocuous clues that are most telling,\'94 he said to divert them from how very silly his so-called evidence was. Before they had a chance to consider, he soldiered on.\
\'93Next, there is the bullet hole in the ceiling,\'94 Roderick said. Perhaps he should have begun with that one and left out the bit about the window entirely. The policemen, for their part, seemed very impressed by the bullet hole. He decided, therefore, to focus on that detail. \'93If Connor\'92s guests were murdered with poisonous gas, then why is there a bullet hole, and why is his body not among the others? It stands to reason that Connor was not killed in the same manner as his guests.\'94\
Taggert was twirling his moustache, a habit that Roderick was having difficulty ignoring. Roderick turned away in order to regain his concentration. He wasn\'92t sure what to make of this evidence, but just talking about the clues aloud had gotten his brain into gear.\
\'93Why were Connor\'92s guests murdered?\'94 he asked, thinking aloud. \'93Was it an attack on the upper class? Or was there a 
\i single target
\i0 , the rest merely collateral damage? Is it possible that the masqueraders were murdered only to cover up another murder?\'94\
Taggert said nothing, but he seemed to be following along well enough. He was nodding thoughtfully, even though Roderick was talking at a dizzying pace.\
\'93There is also the fact that the desk has been moved,\'94 Roderick went on. \'93Note the indentation on the carpet left by the legs of the desk. We can easily deduce that the desk was moved, likely during a struggle, either between Connor and his killer, or between the killer and whoever broke down the door. Later, the desk was moved back, but it sat there long enough to indent the carpet. The fact that it was moved back seems to suggest that somebody went to some amount of trouble to cover up the evidence. The Resurrection Man has never bothered to cover up evidence before\'97indeed, he seems to delight in leaving clues for us to follow\'97so we can deduce that he did not work alone.\'94\
Roderick paused to reflect on this. It was a revelation to him as well. Sometimes he seemed to speak more quickly than he could think, and occasionally, he managed to surprise even himself with his deductions.\
\'93Here, the carpet is damp," he said, reaching down to touch the carpet. \'93Somebody did a rather remarkable job of washing the blood out of the carpet, but it has not yet completely dried, and it still smells musty, stale, but with a trace of iron. It might not be blood, but what else has that telltale metallic scent? Of course, perhaps the most revealing clue is that Connor\'92s safe has been robbed.\'94\
For a moment, nobody spoke. The policemen looked about the room, dumb expressions on their faces. One of the officers stooped over and touched the carpet. He put his nose close to it and sniffed. He nodded, confirming that the carpet was damp and had the iron-like smell of blood.\
\'93His safe?\'94 asked an officer with a distinctive and thoroughly waxed mustache.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Mr. Steen, \'93you failed to notice that as well.\'94 It wasn\'92t a question. The policemen looked about the room, all of them refusing to meet Mr. Steen\'92s eyes. Silence reigned. Finally, Roderick pointed it out.\
\'93That\'92s a tea trolley,\'94 Mr. Taggert protested.\
\'93Oh, really? In that case, I\'92ll have a cup of Assam.\'94\
Taggert snorted. He marched across the room to the trolley. Which is when he realized that it wasn\'92t a tea trolley at all. Beneath the cart, a locked box had been worked into the design of the furniture. If the door hadn\'92t been ajar he might have failed to notice even up close.\
\'93Eat your words, Mr. Taggert,\'94 said Roderick. A triumphant grin curled up on his face, enjoying the detective\'92s reaction.\
\'93Gloating does not become you, Mr. Steen,\'94 Taggert said flatly.\
Roderick puffed up his chest. It was true, besting Taggert in a battle of wits was a bit like beating an infant at whist, but Roderick was nothing if not fickle.\
Taggert stooped over and pulled the door open. Within the box, a large, steel safe was concealed. Its door too, was cracked open. He swung the door the rest of the way open and peered inside. Empty.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose you know what was in the safe?\'94 asked Mr. Taggert.\
\'93How would I possibly know that?\'94 asked Roderick, blotting his brow with his handkerchief again. \'93I\'92m not a psychic.\'94\
\'93Please,\'94 said Taggert. \'93Focus, Mr. Steen. I believe we\'92re just beginning to form a picture of what happened here. Just tell us what you think happened here.\'94\
\'93Very well,\'94 said Roderick. He broke off as an awful sound cut through the silence of the household. The sound of screaming.\
Roderick looked down at the floor, then exchanged a look with the detective. The sound was coming from downstairs. The screams continued, and were joined by the sound of a loud bang and the shattering of glass, as if a very heavy piece of furniture had been knocked over.\
They heard footsteps pounding up the staircase. Taggert went to the door, as somebody called out his name. A young officer appeared in the hallway, clutching his neck as if wounded. Taggert stepped aside to let him into Connor\'92s study.\
\'93The dead,\'94 he stammered, \'93The dead\'85\'94\
\'93Spit it out, boy,\'94 Taggert commanded. \'93What\'92s going on down there?\'94\
The injured officer looked up at the detective, his face pale.\
\'93The dead are waking up.\'94\
With that, he collapsed. As soon as he let go of his wounded neck, a thick puddle of blood spilled onto the floor.\
Roderick stepped back, not wanting to get blood on his feet. He stared at the young man in alarm. The back of the young man\'92s neck had been ripped open and there were what looked like tooth marks in his flesh.\
Roderick hated to get blood on his shoes, but he put his discomfort aside and stepped forward to put his fingers on the fallen policeman\'92s neck. He felt for a pulse.\
\'93He seems quite dead,\'94 Roderick announced.\
\'93God!\'94 said Taggert, \'93Nichols\'85he was just a boy, really.\'94\
Roderick thought of what the man had said before he died. From downstairs Roderick could hear voices. Inhuman moans, which resonated through the floorboards.\
\'93The dead are waking up,\'94 he repeated the dead policeman\'92s words. \'93It seems evident that the dead were not dead at all. Merely unconscious.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 exclaimed Taggert, not following. \'93Never mind. What could have done this to him?\'94\
\'93The recently awoken dead, I\'92d wager. You said that our witness saw the Resurrectionists spreading poison gas, which seemed to kill its victims in a matter of minutes.\'94\
Taggert nodded. \'93Seemed to?\'94\
\'93Unless you believe they are the resurrected dead. No, I think it more likely that those who inhaled the gas did not actually die; they became sick. This sickness caused paralysis, rendered them unconscious, and brought on a death-like state that looked rather convincing.\'94\
He glanced down at the police officer whose neck had been torn out, quickly forming a hypothesis.\
\'93When they woke up, they were no longer themselves. This sickness\'97whatever it is\'97seems to cause abnormally aggressive behavior. Well, it did so in at least 
\i one
\i0  of the afflicted, I should say.\'94\
\'93Whoever attacked Nichols, you mean?\'94 Taggert asked.\
Roderick nodded.\
\'93Let us assume for now that this condition affects everyone equally, however, and shut the door,\'94 he said, looking at the wounds in Taggert\'92s neck with worry. \'93If my assumption is correct, we may be in imminent danger.\'94\
Roderick could hear footsteps now, amidst the sound of moaning voices. The sounds gradually drew closer, up the stairs. Roderick could smell the rotten stench of this sickness, growing stronger as the sick approached.\
\'93Quickly now. A barricade!\'94 Roderick shouted, spurring the policemen into action.\
As the door had been kicked in and it had not yet been repaired, it would not shut properly. Furthermore, it had no lock. The best they could do was to build a makeshift blockade, by dragging furniture into the doorway. They had to move the fallen officer\'92s body out of the way. Some of the officers had fallen into a stunned silence; evidently the death of the officer was shocking. As for Roderick, he could hardly care less. There was a much more pressing concern.\
Already, the sick were banging on the door, even as Roderick and the detectives slid the furniture into the doorway. The infected were surprisingly strong, given their condition, and Roderick feared the door would not hold.\
\'93What now?\'94 asked Roderick.\
Taggert looked at him with astonishment.\
\'93You tell me!\'94 he exclaimed. \'93You\'92re the genius, aren\'92t you?\'94\
Roderick\'92s eyes went wide.\
\'93I\'92m an artist!\'94 he cried. \'93You\'92re a policeman.\'94\
Taggert didn\'92t argue. Neither did he offer a suggestion of their next move, but continued to look to Roderick.\
\'93I may be educated, observant, and incredibly well dressed, but that hardly means I\'92m the one to turn to in a crisis!\'94 He swallowed. \'93Then again, being pragmatic, better to trust myself to get us out of this than you lot.\'94\
Taggert snorted. For a moment, he looked like he was forming a retort, but apparently he thought better of it.\
\'93Ammunition,\'94 Roderick said, suddenly energized as he assessed the situation. \'93How much do we have between us?\'94\
\'93Ammunition?\'94\
\'93What do you do with rabid dogs, Mr. Taggert?\'94\
\'93Put them down,\'94 Taggert replied, stammering, \'93But these aren\'92t dogs.\'94\
The door rattled fiercely, drowning out Roderick\'92s reply. The wood began to splinter as the sick began to pry apart the door, seizing hold of its weak point where it had already been kicked in. The makeshift barricade began to shake as the door banged against it.\
Roderick bent down next to the fallen policeman and began to loot through his pockets.\
\'93What are you doing?\'94 said the officer with the distinctive moustache.\
Roderick withdrew a revolver and a fistful of bullets. He loaded the chamber as reply and filled his pockets with the rest. The officer nodded. At least, thought Roderick, one pragmatist amongst them.\
\'93They might as well be dogs,\'94 said Roderick. \'93They tore open the throat of your fellow officer, and I imagine they\'92ll do the same to you given half the chance. We don\'92t know what sickness afflicts them, or if a cure exists, but I\'92m afraid we won\'92t have a chance to find out if we don\'92t defend ourselves.\'94\
Taggert had been edging closer to the door, trying to peer through the cracks and to see what loomed on the other side. He jumped back suddenly.\
\'93This door won\'92t hold,\'94 he said.\
\'93No,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Be ready. When the door comes crashing down, you mustn\'92t hesitate.\'94\
\'93Roderick!\'94 Taggert exclaimed, interrupting him.\
Roderick whirled around. Nichols, the wounded officer, had already awoken. It was much too quick; the others had woken only after hours of infection. The sickness had already taken Nichols. Something to do with the manner of his infection, perhaps. Nichols had been bitten, the rest infected with contaminated gas.\
Nichols was inches from Roderick, his mouth open, moaning hungrily. He was transformed by the sickness, no longer human, stinking like something rotten, moving with a clumsy, lumbering gait.\
Roderick stumbled back.\
\'93Shoot him!\'94 he cried.\
The officers hesitated to shoot one of their own.\
\'93For god\'92s sake!\'94 Roderick shouted, drawing his own weapon, and firing it at him.\
Nichols stumbled backward, then a moment later, regained his stride. Roderick shot him again, twice, in the chest. Nichols\'92 step faltered with the impact of the bullets. But only for a moment. Then he resumed his pace, staggering towards Roderick as if the bullets through his heart were no more irritating than the buzzing of a fly.}