{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan stepped out into the rain. He had no umbrella to unfurl, as he hadn\'92t been expecting rain when he\'92d headed out. Of course, in London, he should have been constantly prepared for inclement weather. He scanned the sky for his ride home, but it was difficult to see in the rain and darkness. He thought he saw a light flickering from above, its light refracted by the falling raindrops and the mist rising off the cobbles. It might have been the 
\i Penny Dreadful\'92s 
\i0 lanterns, but he wasn\'92t sure. He supposed he could always hire a carriage, but he figured he\'92d try signaling the ship first. With this weather, though, Jonathan didn\'92t know how visible the flare would be. If the ship was circling nearby somewhere, the crew might happen to see it; otherwise, they might not.\
He made his way to the gate and pushed it open, hoping for a clearer view from the street. Jonathan could barely see his own two feet as the rain began to fall in earnest.\
Before he had a chance to fire the flare, a deep, low voice resonated through the fog from behind him.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
It was Henri-Charles Ocelot. Jonathan spun around to face him and was surprised to see the man\'92s face so close to his own.\
\'93Mr. Ocelot,\'94 said Jonathan, having to speak up to be heard against the noise of falling rain and crashing thunder.\
\'93Sorry if I startled you, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 the large man replied.\
\'93Shouldn\'92t you be seeing to your employer?\'94 Jonathan asked, unsettled by the large man\'92s presence.  He reached into his coat pocket, hoping to warm his belly with a swig of whiskey, but his flask was empty.\
\'93This will only take a moment,\'94 replied Henri-Charles, opening an umbrella. He gestured for Jonathan to take it. Jonathan accepted it, though his gratitude was tempered with suspicion. \'93You seem like a good man, Mr. Grimmer. But I would urge you to abandon this business with the Resurrectionists.\'94\
Jonathan looked up at him, swallowing a knot that was forming in his throat. \'93Are you threatening me, Mr. Ocelot?\'94 he asked, more timidly than he\'92d intended.\
To his surprise, Ocelot let out a laugh. He grinned, and it was a surprisingly warm smile. Jonathan had always been good at reading people, but he was starting to wonder if he\'92d misread Henri-Charles Ocelot. He stared at the man curiously.\
\'93No, Mr. Grimmer. I\'92m not threatening you. I\'92m only trying to warn you of the danger you\'92re in. Let Mr. Sinews handle the Resurrectionists.\'94\
\'93Mr. Sinews?\'94\
\'93I believe you may have gotten the wrong impression of my employer. Things, with him, are not quite what they seem.\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. He could see that Ocelot truly believed that. He saw only the best of Sinews\'92 qualities. To Mr. Sinews\'92 credit, he was undeniably intelligent, and he had been more than willing to help Jonathan, which Jonathan did appreciate. But that didn\'92t mean Sinews was a good man. His obsession with murderers like Anthony Tidkins was not a healthy obsession.\
\'93I think that things are exactly as they seem, Mr. Ocelot.\'94\
Ocelot said nothing, but Jonathan could see that he was deep in thought. After a while, the rain beginning to soak through his coat, he continued.\
\'93Think what you will of Mr. Sinews,\'94 he said. \'93My employer may be a great resource to you,\'94 he said. \'93I wasn\'92t threatening you. I was offering you his services. If you wish to call upon Mr. Sinews again, you are welcome to do so. He may continue to be useful to you. He is obsessive, utterly addicted to the grotesqueness of the Resurrectionist\'92s activities, Anthony Tidkins in particular. He followed the Ripper case with similar interest. The case of Dr. Palmer. Burke and Hare.\'94\
Jonathan blinked at that. How could Sinews have followed the Burke and Hare case? It was well before his time. That would have put Sinews at over seventy years of age.\
\'93He has a difficult personality, I know,\'94 Ocelot continued, heedless of Jonathan\'92s confusion. \'93To say that he has unsavory interests could be considered a vast understatement. I have known him for many years, however. You 
\i can
\i0  trust him.\'94\
Jonathan remained unconvinced.\
\'93How do I know I can trust 
\i you
\i0 , Mr. Ocelot?\'94\
\'93What do your instincts tell you?\'94 Mr. Ocelot asked him.\
Jonathan had to admit, there was something about Ocelot\'92s warm demeanor that made him want to trust the man, though his appearance was frightening, and his association with Parson Sinews was damning.\
\'93When your world is crumbling around you, you should trust your own instincts. But if you really want my advice, Mr. Grimmer\'85\'94 Ocelot trailed off. He was looking in the opposite direction.\
\'93Yes?\'94\
\'93Someone\'92s coming,\'94 he said. \'93Quickly.\'94\
Ocelot grabbed Jonathan\'92s arm, and roughly dragged him from the sidewalk to the adjacent alleyway. They hid beneath a tall tree, and Jonathan watched in breathless silence as a procession of black carriages drove into sight and rolled to a stop in front of the house. The passengers began to climb out of the carts, wearing bobby hats and brandishing truncheons. They surrounded the house just as its front door opened.\
\'93What\'92s going on?\'94 Jonathan whispered.\
They must have been looking for him, he thought. They probably wanted to question him about the events at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade. How had they found him here? It didn\'92t even occur to him that Roderick might have given the police his whereabouts. Perhaps they\'92d spotted the 
\i Penny Dreadful 
\i0 and followed it. He scanned the sky again for any sign of it, but still couldn\'92t see it.\
\'93Quiet,\'94 Ocelot whispered back.\
\'93Mr. Sinews,\'94 they heard the police officer call. \'93Or do you prefer your alias? Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s heart pounded, worried the police would spot them despite their hiding spot. At least the police weren\'92t here for him.\
He couldn\'92t make out Sinews\'92 reply from where he stood. Thunder continued to crash, and rain hammered down on the cobblestone, as cacophonous as a rushing river.\
\'93You are under arrest for the murder of Lord Connor,\'94 said the police officer loudly. His voice resonated, even against the noise of the storm.\
Jonathan watched in stunned silence as the policemen surrounded Parson Sinews, drawing their guns and aiming them at Sinews.\
\'93You think I\'92ll make it easy for you?\'94 Parson Sinews shouted back.\
The sleet and fog blurred Jonathan\'92s vision. He couldn\'92t be entirely sure what he was seeing. Sinews was a blur of motion, in one place one moment, in another the next. The policemen opened fire, the gunshots echoing along the empty street, but Sinews was too quick.\
Jonathan flinched at the sound of gunfire, the sound of maxim guns echoing nightmarishly. The faces of his fallen comrades appeared in the haze of fog, and his scar began to throb painfully. He shivered.\
He watched, unable to move, as a policeman flew ten feet into the air and landed hard upon the pavement. He hadn\'92t even seen Sinews hit him, but he must have been hit hard.\
Another officer cried out, and a cloud of blood shot out of his neck like perfume from a bottle. His body fell to the gutter, and Sinews practically flew from him to the next man, a blur of motion and surgical precision. More blood hit the gutter. Necks snapped.\
Jonathan remembered what Sinews had said about the absinthe: if he thought that absinthe didn\'92t cause hallucinations, he was drinking the wrong kind of absinthe. Was he hallucinating, or was this a part of his waking nightmare? Sinews seemed to be everywhere at once, a trail of ghost images where he had been a tenth of a second before.\
There were bullets flying, and as fast as Sinews appeared to be, even he couldn\'92t outpace bullets.\
Blood painted the street crimson, and suddenly, there was Parson Sinews again, no longer a blur of motion. Just a crumpled form on the ground, heavily wounded. Drenched in his own blood, Jonathan could hear him 
\i laughing
\i0 , and suddenly he was sure he was hallucinating.\
Sinews carried on laughing, even as the remaining policemen cuffed Sinews and carted him off into a black Maria. In a few moments, they had rounded up their dead and wounded and were off again.\
The street was empty, save for Jonathan and Mr. Ocelot. Stunned into silence by what he\'92d just witnessed, Jonathan wandered out of his hiding place and came to a halt on the sidewalk. Blood ran along the cobbles, the rain washing the streets clean, red lines spreading out like veins. In a matter of moments, the street was washed clean, and any evidence of what had just happened was gone.\
\'93You still think your friend is innocent?\'94 Jonathan asked, still shaking. His version of events might have been colored by absinthe hallucinations and nightmares of Ijebu-Ode, but he was sure of one thing. Sinews had indeed been arrested.\
Ocelot\'92s massive shoulders heaved in a sigh, confirming this.\
\'93Believe it or not, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said, \'93yes. I do still believe Mr. Sinews is innocent.\'94}