{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Henri-Charles\'92 words rang in Jonathan\'92s ears. 
\i We\'92re too late.
\i0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 The creature standing before Jonathan was one of the zombies Parson Sinews had spoken of, a product of the 
\i Dead London
\i0  
\i Project
\i0 . The Resurrectionists had succeeded. They had brought the dead to life.\
The big Haitian was first to react. Jonathan just stared blankly, watching in fascinated horror as the zombie got to its feet. It was growling at him, spit running down its chin like a rabid dog. Suddenly, it went quiet.\
It lunged, snapping its teeth at Jonathan\'92s neck. Henri-Charles moved, blindingly quick, slamming his fist into the side of the zombie\'92s skull. The creature hit the ground hard. Jonathan\'92s heart pounded; if Henri-Charles hadn\'92t intervened, the zombie would have torn into his throat with its teeth.\
The creature didn\'92t stay down long. Almost immediately, it staggered to its feet, undeterred. Again, it tried for Jonathan\'92s neck. This time, Jonathan snapped into action. He grabbed the zombie by the cuffs of its shirt, keeping its snapping teeth at bay. He shoved the zombie away from him, causing it to stagger back. Then he drew his pistol.\
He aimed it at the zombie.\
\'93Stop right there,\'94 he warned. \'93We\'92re trying to 
\i help
\i0  you.\'94\
Again, the zombie staggered forward. Jonathan stepped back and cocked the pistol. \'93Step back or I will shoot!\'94\
The zombie snarled and continued toward him. Jonathan looked at Ocelot.\
\'93Shoot him,\'94 Ocelot urged.\
Jonathan hesitated.\
\'93He\'92s just disoriented. He needs our help.\'94\
Ocelot snorted. \'93There is no helping him, Mr. Grimmer. He is a dead man walking.\'94\
Again, the zombie lurched toward Jonathan, this time trying to grab hold of him with rotten hands. Ocelot hit the creature again, hard, this time striking at the base of the zombie\'92s skull. Blood spilled as the zombie hit the pavement. Ocelot wiped his hand on his coat, leaving a trail of blood and brain.\
This time, the zombie didn\'92t get up.\
\'93You killed him,\'94 Jonathan said, breathless.\
\'93He would have killed you,\'94 Ocelot told him.\
\'93He was 
\i sick
\i0 ,\'94 Jonathan said.\
Ocelot looked up at Jonathan\'92s airship, then back at Jonathan. \'93Yes, Mr. Grimmer. He was sick. And I don\'92t think you\'92d want to catch what he\'92s got. If he\'92d managed to bite you\'85\'94\
Jonathan\'92s lingered on the rotten body at his feet.\
\'93You\'92re right,\'94 he admitted. \'93It was either me or him. Still\'85\'94\
\'93Get to your airship, Mr. Grimmer. Get out of the city if you can. It isn\'92t safe here.\'94\
He sighed. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8CA599A3-72D3-4E34-BB6C-A8FCCBD5A9A9"}}{\fldrslt \'93I\'92d love to do that, and believe me, there\'92s nothing I\'92d rather do right now than climb aboard my ship, have a nice glass of whiskey, and set off for Paris, or Madrid, or 
\i anywhere 
\i0 just to get out of this godforsaken city. But I can\'92t. I\'92m a fighter, Mr. Ocelot. It\'92s not in me to run away from a fight, least of all this one.\'94 He signaled to the airship and watched as the crew began lowering the ladder. \'93And what about you?\'94}}\
\'93I need to find Mr. Sinews,\'94 Ocelot answered.\
\'93Right. Well, I suppose you would,\'94 he said as the rope ladder lowered. \'93Be careful, Mr. Ocelot.\'94\
\'93You too, Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
Without looking back, Jonathan grabbed ahold of the first rung of the ladder, and without a word, he began to climb.}