{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel had a number of aliases; she\'92d the persona of a high society belle for this occasion. She was Lady Isabel Monday. It would have been odd for a woman of a lower class than Mr. O to inquire after him, but for the well-to-do Lady Monday, it might be somewhat acceptable. She should have had a chaperone, but on a day like today, a lady without a chaperone hardly counted as gossip. She doubted it would even raise an eyebrow.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\fs28 \cf0  with a shawl collar trimmed with lace ruffles. Too many ruffles, by Annabel\'92s estimation\
\
\
As soon as the receptionist was out of sight, Annabel was out of her chair. She took a moment to rummage through the drawers of the reception desk. She stuffed a set of keys into her pockets, just in case they might come in handy. Then she headed to the door on the left, following after the receptionist.\
The door opened to one of the printing rooms. The printers seemed too absorbed in their work to even notice Annabel. The noise of the machines disguised the sound of the door opening, and those who happened to look up at Annabel\'92s entrance, quickly returned their attention to their work, too busy to bother with her. She looked down the hallway and saw the receptionist knocking on the door to one of the offices. She made a mental note of which door was Mr. O\'92s.\
Annabel headed through the printing room toward the hallway, taking care not to be seen by the receptionist; suddenly her fancy clothes seemed incredibly conspicuous, even if they\'92d proved effective only a minute ago. She headed into the hallway, leaving the printing room behind. There were a number of offices along the way, each marked with a brass plate engraved with the name and position of the employer whose office it was. She ducked into an alcove as the receptionist turned in her direction. She didn\'92t think she\'92d been seen, but she wasn\'92t sure.\
\
She couldn\'92t make out what Mrs. Grimmer said next. Her voice was drowned out as machinery rattled and clanged. It sounded like the printing machine was right inside the room.\
As the noise died out and Annabel still couldn\'92t hear their voices, she realized they might have left the room. It became almost quiet, the only sound being the machinery from the adjacent room. Without opening the door, she couldn\'92t be sure they weren\'92t still in the room. But this might be her best chance to get out of here.\
She counted to fifteen, then thirty, and still didn\'92t hear their voices.\
At last, she opened the door. To her relief, they were gone.\
But now there was a wide gap in the floor, and a tall structure of steel and brass rose up out of it.\
\'93What on god\'92s green earth?\'94 she muttered.\
The structure was like a tall metal cage, cylindrical, with the missing section of the floor as its roof, beneath which was a dark shaft that must have led to the building\'92s basement. A cable ran down the shaft from the top of the metal cage, seeming to operate on a pulley system. The cable was running even now, the pulley revolving as the machine worked.\
She could hear the sound, loud even against the din of the printing press from down the hall, of enormous gears turning from somewhere well below. It was almost like the sound of a clock tower, or the turning wheels of a locomotive. The mechanical clang of an enormous machine in operation.\
\'93A secret elevator,\'94 she realized, even as it descended.\
The metal cage disappeared, replacing the missing section of the floor with a solid thump and the whoosh of air. The crease in the floor was just barely visible, and only then because Annabel knew what to look for.\
She put her hand on the floor, and ran it along the length of the crease. There was no latch, no dial, nothing to indicate how to turn the elevator on.\
She looked around the room. There had to be a switch somewhere, even if it was hidden. She scrutinized the office, exploring each inch first with her eyes and then with her hands, picking up this item and putting it down, then picking up that item, looking behind it and putting it back where she\'92d found it again. Where in the blazes was the switch? She cursed in frustration, fruitlessly picking up books in order to check the wall behind the panel, just as one book suddenly stood out.\
A penny dreadful publication called 
\i Tales of Dead London
\i0 . Its author was unnamed, but the name of its publisher was printed along the spine. 
\i Grimmer & Grimmer Books
\i0 .\
Annabel had read some of the stories from the dreadful when she was first learning to read
\i . 
\i0 If she recalled correctly, it had originally been published serially, each issue appearing in a periodical magazine, with a number of different writers continuing to write the stories after its original author passed away. Later, the stories were collected and reprinted in a thick paperback volume of nearly four hundred pages. In the stories, the dead rose from their graves and ate the flesh of the living.\
Most of the books on the shelf had been collecting dust. But 
\i Tales of Dead London 
\i0 was not the least bit dusty. Which meant that unless it had only recently been added to the library, the book had recently been handled. Annabel picked it up now. As she did, the heavy mechanical sound of revolving gears and gyrating pulleys announced that the elevator had started up again.\
She looked to see the floor begin to separate once more, the hidden panel lifting up to reveal the hidden cage into which the elevator would soon rise. In her hand, the book refused to lift from the shelf. It was affixed to the shelf, connected to a lever with little brass screws sticking into its spine. The book was no book at all. It wasn\'92t even made of paper, she realized with surprise.\
Finally, the elevator finished its ascent, and Annabel let go of the book. It snapped back into place with a slight clicking sound.\
Annabel opened the door of the cage, and stepped nervously into the elevator. She looked around the inside of the cage for some sort of lever that would operate the machine, and eventually found it. She reached up to pull the lever. She gave a start as the elevator shuddered and began to descend into the dark abyss.}