{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan made his way up the driveway to the entrance of the 
\i Old Albion Theater
\i0 , as the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  rose into the air again after expelling some of the water from its ballasts.\
He climbed the small flight of stairs and headed inside.\
The smell of stale liquor and cigarettes greeted him like an old friend. There was a hum of activity, which shouldn\'92t have surprised Jonathan, though it did. He swept through the lobby, giving a brusque nod to the receptionist as he headed toward the door.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 the receptionist called.\
He paused at the door and turned around.\
\'93Mrs. Thompson?\'94\
\'93It\'92s good you\'92re here,\'94 she said. \'93We worried you had run into a bit of trouble.\'94\
Jonathan smiled. \'93I was aboard the 
\i Dreadful
\i0 ,\'94 he said.\
\'93I trust you heard about the\'85well, the random acts of violence?\'94\
Jonathan nodded.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he told her. \'93I saw one of them, actually. A man tried to kill me.\'94\
He was thinking of the zombie he and Henri-Charles Ocelot had encountered outside Mr. Sinews\'92 house. The man had tried to kill Jonathan. He didn\'92t mention that the man had been dead. He knew all too well how that would sound.\
Mrs. Thompson visibly paled. \'93Good god!\'94 she cried, \'93And you\'92re all right?\'94\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 he said. To his surprise, he meant it. \'93Have you been following the news? How many of these 
\i random acts of violence 
\i0 have been reported?\'94\
\'93Countless. Thousands, at least. Astounding acts of violence,\'94 she said, shuddering as she brandished a newspaper she had sitting on her desk. \'93Yet still they come flocking to our doors. I\'92m terrified that the next person to come through that door is going to attack me. What times we live in, Mr. Grimmer!\'94\
Jonathan paled. 
\i Thousands!
\i0  Was this really the work of the Lazarus Virus. Could these acts of violence have been committed by the Resurrectionists\'92 zombies? Was this their vision of a Dead London? Turning London into a war zone? Thousands had died in the battle of 
\f1 Ijebu-Ode, but 
\i millions
\i0  of lives were at stake in London
\f0 .\
\'93God,\'94 he said, unable to find more words. \'93I need to speak with Palmer.\'94\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://08461C14-3F06-42CE-9BAF-6C11376E92F9"}}{\fldrslt If anyone knew what Charles Grimmer had learned about the Resurrectionists before his death, it was Abraham Palmer, Charles Grimmer\'92s closest friend and confidante.}}\
Again, Mrs. Thompson stopped him in his tracks.\
\'93There\'92s one more thing,\'94 she said.\
Jonathan turned around and inclined his head toward her. \'93Yes?\'94\
\'93There was someone here looking for you,\'94 she said.\
Jonathan felt a chill creep over his flesh. Had the Resurrectionists found him already? Were they still after him? He\'92d felt that since they had already begun their 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 , they wouldn\'92t bother looking for him. He suddenly realized he\'92d been wrong. After all, even with 
\i Dead London 
\i0 underway, they\'92d still felt it necessary to deal with Parson Sinews and Lord Connor. He felt foolish for coming here. Of course they would look for him here.\
\'93Who was it? What did they want?\'94\
\'93A lady,\'94 said Mrs. Thompson. \'93She didn\'92t say what she wanted, only that she was looking for you. I went to check your office, but when I came back, she\'92d already gone.\'94\
Jonathan nodded. It certainly sounded like suspicious behavior. He felt even more certain that this mystery woman was a Resurrectionist.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose you got a name?\'94 he asked.\
Mrs. Thompson nodded happily.\
\'93Miss Peabody.\'94\

\i \'93
\i0 Miss Peabody?\'94 Jonathan repeated.\
Mrs. Thompson nodded.\
Jonathan mulled over the name. Who in the hell was Miss Peabody? A resurrectionist? Had they managed to track him already?\
\'93Thank you, Mrs. Thompson,\'94 he said.\
After a nod from the receptionist, Jonathan headed through the doors to the theater. A small crowd had assembled in anticipation of the next show, but the stage was deserted. He hurried down the aisle and headed backstage. He quickly found his way to Palmer\'92s office and knocked on the door.\
After a moment, the door swung open.\
\'93Jonathan!\'94 the older man exclaimed, \'93Good to see you. We were all worried about you. Come in, come in.\'94\
Palmer\'92s office was practically identical to Jonathan\'92s father\'92s\'97
\i his\'97
\i0 office. Desk on one side, shelves along the wall, a sturdy lamp in the corner. A gold and red carpet on the floor. Jonathan grabbed a chair and made himself comfortable, while Palmer shut the door behind them.\
\'93I trust you heard about\'85\'94 Palmer began. There simply weren\'92t words for what was happening.\
Jonathan nodded.\
Palmer took a seat in the chair facing him. The chair let out a wheeze of air as Palmer settled into it, the old chair creaking noisily.\
Jonathan had known Palmer for most of his life. He had been Theatre Manager for so long now that Jonathan considered him family. Palmer was in his forties, had dark hair that was quickly becoming more and more speckled with grey, and spoke in an American accent with a deep, rough voice. Jonathan often wondered when Palmer had come to London, and why.\
\'93Dreadful business,\'94 he said, \'93I hope you don\'92t mind I've kept the theater running.\'94\
Jonathan dismissed his concern with a wave of his hand. \'93No, that's good,\'94 he said idly. \'93I'm sure our competitors are doing the same.\'94\
He had to give Palmer credit. The man was practical, reliable. Even in crisis, he could be depended upon to keep the company running.\
\'93I trust you to do what\'92s right for the theater,\'94 Jonathan told him.\
\'93Thank you, Mr. Grimmer. I appreciate that.\'94\
Jonathan decided to cut to the chase. \'93I\'92m going to leave all aspects of the theater in your capable hands, for now at least. I need to concentrate on finding the Resurrection Man.\'94\
Palmer nearly spat out his coffee. He set his cup down on his desk, leaving a ring of coffee on the topmost sheet of paper on the pile.\
\'93What do you mean? Why?\'94\
Jonathan chewed on his lip, giving the question some thought. He wasn\'92t sure he wanted to go into the details. \'93I believe he's responsible for what's happening.\'94\
\'93Jonathan,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, in the stern tone of a father speaking to his son. \'93If that's true, leave that to the police. You don't need to get yourself involved. You should be focused on recovering from your illness, and grieving for your father.\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. \'93I'm already recovered from my illness, and I'm done grieving for my father. I want to focus on finding out what happened to him.\'94\
\'93What do you mean? He died in a hunting accident.\'94\
\'93My father didn't hunt.\'94\
\'93Your father did plenty of things you aren't aware of,\'94 Palmer replied.\
Jonathan blinked at him in surprise. That was true. The burnt scrap of paper implicating Connor was proof of that. Did Palmer know about that? \'93Such as?\'94\
Jonathan had practically grown up in the theater, and Palmer had been there as long as he could recover. It was Palmer that taught him to kick a soccer ball, to shave, to play chess, and it was Palmer that taught him stage fighting; it was his interest in stage fighting that led him to bareknuckle. The age was starting to show in Palmer\'92s eyes. The old man had been there for him through everything. Palmer was as much the Albion as the walls surrounding them. But Jonathan would be damned before he left without finding out what Palmer was keeping from him.\
He took the scrap of burnt paper from his pocket and slid it across the desk. The older man\'92s lips formed a tight line, and his eyes settled into an unreadable expression.\
\'93You recognize the handwriting?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
\'93Your father\'92s,\'94 Palmer answered, then fell silent as he stared at the scrap of paper. A minute passed in silence. Palmer\'92s eyes never left the scrap of paper. 
\i Lord Connor is Francis Varney
\i0 . The words were burnt into Jonathan\'92s mind.\
\'93Did you know?\'94\
Palmer looked up. \'93Your father wasn\'92t killed in a hunting accident,\'94 he said.\
A knot formed in Jonathan\'92s throat. It wasn\'92t news, not really, but hearing it from Abe Palmer was different from hearing it from Parson Sinews. Hearing it from Palmer made it real. \'93How?\'94 he asked.\
Palmer shook his head. \'93Let it go,\'94 he said. \'93Please, just let it go.\'94\
Jonathan scoffed. He stood suddenly and swept his hand across the table, scattering scripts, pens, and books upon the floor, the burnt scrap of paper among them. He leaned across the desk so he was looking down at Palmer, face red. His hands tightened into fists. \'93How?\'94\
\'93If I tell you, will you promise to let it go? Walk away?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s fists unclenched. Without a word, he sat down.\
Palmer nodded, and although Jonathan could see he didn\'92t want to tell him anything, he began, \'93I suppose you deserve to know.\'94 He could barely meet Jonathan\'92s eye as he continued, \'93It started years ago, when you were just a child. Your father and I witnessed something both incredible and terrifying. A man died before our eyes. And then he came back to life. My instinct was to write a play about it. 
\i The Resurrected Man
\i0 . Your father had a more noble purpose in mind. When it came to light that our resurrected man later killed and ate his entire family, it became Charles Grimmer\'92s obsession. He began tracking them down, other resurrected men\'97and women, mind you\'97hunting them down, bringing them back here to study them. We built a laboratory in the basement of the theater, brought in scientists we trusted to help us with our research, Lord Connor among them.\'94\
\'93Varney,\'94 Jonathan said, his throat tight.\
Palmer nodded. \'93With Connor\'92s help, we eventually realized what it was that brought the dead back to life: an illness.\'94\
\'93The Lazarus Virus,\'94 Jonathan put in.\
Palmer looked up in surprise. \'93How did you\'97\'94\
\'93Never mind that. How did my father die?\'94\
\'93Your father began to suspect that Lord Connor was a Resurrectionist,\'94 he answered simply. He indicated the fallen scrap of paper on the floor. \'93Varney arranged to have your father killed. They threatened to do the same to me if I didn\'92t keep quiet.\'94\
\'93So, Varney killed my father?\'94\
Palmer shook his head. \'93Varney betrayed us, but he wasn\'92t a killer.\'94\
\'93Tidkins?\'94\
Again, Palmer shook his head. \'93No,\'94 he said. \'93It was Solomon Grundy who killed your father.\'94}