{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\'93Of course, what we didn\'92t know is that while we had gone to great lengths to keep the zombie virus a secret, Anthony Tidkins already knew about it. After your father\'85\'94 Palmer continued, and trailed off uncomfortably. After an awkward pause, he continued. \'93Well, the Resurrectionists learned about our laboratory, and decided to use it for themselves. We agreed to let them use it, under the pretense that we shared their goals. We\'92ve been working to undermine their goals from the inside.\'94\
Jonathan scoffed.\
\'93Well, great job,\'94 he said with unrestrained sarcasm. \'93Seems to be going very well so far, your efforts.\'94\
He stood up. He couldn\'92t sit still and listen to this any longer. Abe Palmer, a man Jonathan had known since he was a child, his mentor at the Albion, a man Jonathan practically thought of as an uncle, actually secretly hunted zombies with his father, and had invited the Resurrectionists to use their secret laboratory. He felt laughter welling up inside, and bit back the urge to let it out. He worried that once he started laughing, he wouldn\'92t be able to stop. He knew that he was being hysterical, but really, was he supposed to just accept what Palmer was telling him?\
At last, he sat back down, shaking his head. He let out a single, bitter laugh, and looked up into Palmer\'92s eyes. As incredible as this all sounded, he knew that Palmer wasn\'92t joking. A minute passed in uncomfortable silence. Palmer sat patiently.}