{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 \'93
\i0 Miss Peabody?\'94 Jonathan repeated.\
Mrs. Thompson nodded.\
Jonathan mulled over the name. Who in the hell was Miss Peabody? A resurrectionist? Had they managed to track him already?\
\'93Thank you, Mrs. Thompson,\'94 he said. \'93If you could do me a favor? Don\'92t mention to anyone else that I was at Lord Connor\'92s.\'94\
After a nod from Mrs. Thompson, Jonathan headed for the printing room. He scanned the room for Palmer, his assistant editor, but there was no sign of him in the printing room. He hurried through the noisy space for the relative quiet of the hallway, and quickly found his way to Palmer\'92s office. He knocked on the door.\
Just as Jonathan was about to conclude that Palmer wasn\'92t in, the door swung open.\
\'93Jonathan!\'94 the older man exclaimed, \'93It\'92s good you\'92re here. It\'92s been quite the day for us here. Come in, come in.\'94\
Palmer\'92s office was practically identical to Jonathan\'92s father\'92s\'97
\i his\'97
\i0 office. Desk on one side, shelves along the wall, a sturdy lamp in the corner. A gold and red carpet on the floor. Jonathan grabbed a chair and made himself comfortable, while Palmer shut the door behind them.\
\'93I trust you heard about\'85\'94 Palmer began. There simply weren\'92t words for what was happening.\
\'93Mrs. Thompson informed me as I came in.\'94\
Palmer took a seat in the chair facing him. The chair let out a wheeze of air as Palmer settled into it, the old chair creaking noisily.\
Jonathan had known Palmer for most of his life. He had been with the Grimmer Company for so long now that Jonathan considered him family. Palmer was in his forties, had dark brown hair that was quickly becoming more and more speckled with grey, and spoke with an American accent. Jonathan often wondered when Palmer had come to London, and why.\
\'93Dreadful business,\'94 he said, \'93I hope you don\'92t mind my going straight to the press without waiting for your approval.\'94\
Jonathan dismissed his concern with a wave of his hand.\
\'93I\'92m sure our competitors were just as quick to catch wind of what happened.\'94\
\'93Precisely so,\'94 Palmer agreed, \'93We couldn\'92t afford to stand idle while the other papers hit the streets this morning. We should have a special edition ready for this evening.\'94\
\'93Good,\'94 said Jonathan idly. \'93That\'92s good.\'94\
He had to give Palmer credit. The man was practical, reliable. Even in crisis, he could be depended upon to keep the company running.\
\'93Mr. Palmer, I trust you to do what\'92s right for this company,\'94 Jonathan told him.\
\'93Thank you, Mr. Grimmer. I appreciate that.\'94\
Jonathan decided to cut to the chase. \'93I\'92m going to leave running the company in your capable hands, for now at least. I need to concentrate on finding the Resurrection Man.\'94\
Palmer nearly spat out his coffee. He set his cup down on his desk, leaving a ring of coffee on the topmost sheet of paper on the pile.\
\'93What do you mean? Why?\'94\
Jonathan chewed on his lip, giving the question some thought. He wasn\'92t sure he wanted to go into the details. \'93I\'92m working on a story,\'94 he said simply. \'93I want to interview Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
\'93Jonathan,\'94 said Mr. Palmer, in the stern tone of a father speaking to his son. \'93Our focus should be on reporting these acts of violence that are happening all throughout the city.\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. He stood up so that he was looking down at Palmer. Mr. Palmer might be Jonathan\'92s senior, but Jonathan was the head of the company now. He needed Palmer\'92s cooperation, not his advice.\
\'93Mr. Palmer, I believe Anthony Tidkins is central to these acts of violence.\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94\
\'93The Resurrectionists were studying a disease. Tidkins called it the Lazarus Virus. You may have heard about it; Tidkins apparently published a paper on the subject before he went into hiding.\'94\
\'93Yes, I remember,\'94 said Palmer, \'93If I recall correctly, the virus is supposed to bring the dead to life, as zombies. But what does that have to do with these acts of violence?\'94\
\'93I believe these acts of violence are being committed by zombies,\'94 Jonathan said.\
Palmer scoffed. \'93That\'92s quite the theory,\'94 he said. \'93Look, sit down, won\'92t you, Mr. Grimmer? I\'92ll tell you what I can about the Resurrection Man, if that will get you to calm down. But first, tell me, where is this coming from? Surely you must know how that sounds. I mean, really. Zombies, Mr. Grimmer? You must know we can\'92t go to print with that.\'94\
\'93I don\'92t care how it sounds, Mr. Palmer,\'94 Jonathan replied, but he sat down. \'93Just tell me what you know about Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
Palmer sighed. \'93You seem quite determined,\'94 he said.\
\'93I am,\'94 Jonathan assured him.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EBC5C9A5-D3F1-4832-BD30-862645553C48"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93And you\'92re sure you can\'92t be persuaded to give up looking for the Resurrection Man?\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. \'93No.\'94\
\'93Very well,\'94 said Palmer. \'93I\'92ll tell you what I know about the Resurrection Man.\'94}}\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F8312EDB-49AD-4932-AE1C-FFABBC3584AF"}}{\fldrslt Jonathan stared at Palmer in wonder. His knowledge of Anthony Tidkins\'92 life was astounding. He had thought that Parson Sinews was the foremost expert on the Resurrection Man, but Palmer spoke of Anthony Tidkins\'92 life with intimate detail. Jonathan knew that his father and Palmer had researched Tidkins for the Grimmer Company\'92s newspapers, but could they really have learned so much from research alone?}}\
\'93How do you know all this about Anthony Tidkins?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
Palmer looked him in the eye, and with a long, drawn-out sigh, he answered. \'93Because Anthony Tidkins told me.\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93Your mother didn\'92t want me to tell you,\'94 said Abraham Palmer.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93My mother? What has she got to do with this?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
\'93I think you have the right to know,\'94 he said, \'93And anyway, you\'92d have figured it out on your own eventually. I\'92m surprised how much you\'92ve already learned. You were right, by the way, about the zombies. But what you don\'92t know is that there were zombies in this city even before the Resurrectionists spread their plague. Not in these vast numbers, mind you. Just the odd incident, here and there. We would hear stories of a man staggering down the streets, sick, out of his mind. Usually an attack of some sort would take place, someone might end up bitten. We would investigate. We would track down the zombie, quarantine those who came into contact with him to prevent the virus from spreading. And in the papers, we would make up a story. Drugs, alcohol, madness, that sort of thing.\'94\
\'93Why lie?\'94\
\'93Because the Lazarus Virus is dangerous. Your father believed that if the disease ever fell into the wrong hands, it could be used as a weapon.\'94\
Jonathan thought of what Parson Sinews had told him. Anthony Tidkins had received military funding to study the Lazarus Virus. Evidently Charles Grimmer\'92s fears were not misplaced.\
\'93Our efforts were largely effective, although we lost good men over the years in encounters with the zombies. We quickly learned that we were not well equipped to deal with the zombies when there was so much we didn\'92t know about the virus. How it worked, how it spread, how quickly it could kill its victims and how quickly bring them back, what were the signs and symptoms of infection, how intelligent and how agile were the infected. We needed a place to study the virus. We built a laboratory, keeping its location a closely guarded secret known only to those few of us who hunted the infected,\'94 Palmer continued.\
Jonathan followed what he was saying, as if listening to a conversation in a dream. Palmer\'92s words made sense, but what he was saying made no sense.\
\'93Of course, what we didn\'92t know is that while we had gone to great lengths to keep the zombie virus a secret, Anthony Tidkins already knew about it. After your father\'85\'94 Palmer continued, and trailed off uncomfortably. After an awkward pause, he continued. \'93Well, the Resurrectionists learned about our laboratory, and decided to use it for themselves. We agreed to let them use it, under the pretense that we shared their goals. We\'92ve been working to undermine their goals from the inside.\'94\
Jonathan scoffed.\
\'93Well, great job,\'94 he said with unrestrained sarcasm. \'93Seems to be going very well so far, your efforts.\'94\
He stood up. He couldn\'92t sit still and listen to this any longer. Abe Palmer, a man Jonathan had known since he was a child, his mentor at the Grimmer Company, a man Jonathan practically thought of as an uncle, actually secretly hunted zombies with his father, and had invited the Resurrectionists to use their secret laboratory. He felt laughter welling up inside, and bit back the urge to let it out. He worried that once he started laughing, he wouldn\'92t be able to stop. He knew that he was being hysterical, but really, was he supposed to just accept what Palmer was telling him?\
At last, he sat back down, shaking his head. He let out a single, bitter laugh, and looked up into Palmer\'92s eyes. As incredible as this all sounded, he knew that Palmer wasn\'92t joking. A minute passed in uncomfortable silence. Palmer sat patiently.\
\'93So,\'94 he said eventually. \'93My mother?\'94\
Palmer nodded. \'93Yes. She didn\'92t hunt zombies herself, but she supported our efforts.\'94\
\'93And your story about Anthony Tidkins\'85\'94 Jonathan asked, but he was beginning to think he already knew the answer.\
Palmer nodded again. \'93Yes,\'94 he said, \'93I heard the story from Tidkins\'92 own mouth.\'94}