{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The theater was running one of its famous penny gaffes as they staggered out through the stage door. The Red Barn Murder, a crowd favorite. The actress playing the ghost of Maria Marten broke off mid-line as she took in Palmer\'92s wounds.\
\'93You all right, sir?\'94\
Jonathan put his arm around Palmer\'92s shoulder and let the theater manager put his arm around him. \'93We\'92ve got to get out of here,\'94 he said. \'93The Resurrectionists could be right on our heels.\'94\
Palmer agreed with a groan of pain, and with Jonathan\'92s help, hurried down the aisle. They made quite the sight\'97Annabel with her torn skirt, Palmer dripping blood and limping, and Jonathan still sporting a black eye from his fight the other day. The gossip, however, quickly turned to stunned silence, when the crowd noticed the pistol in Jonathan\'92s hand.\
Without slowing, the trio hurried through the aisles, the shouts of the Resurrectionists announcing their arrival from behind. Barely pausing in his tracks, Jonathan turned and fired.\
Screams erupted from the members of the audience, while a cry of pain arose from one of the masked Resurrectionists. They scattered for cover, though some of them raised their own weapons and began firing back. The chaos of the screaming crowd provided cover, while Jonathan fled through the door, still supporting Palmer.\
They hurried through the aisle as a bullet tore a hole in the wall, plaster and dust sprinkling the floor. Even with the chaos of the panicked crowd and the myriad of seats to provide cover, the aisle felt too long; they were too exposed, and Jonathan was nearly out of bullets. At last, they reached the door. Annabel shoved it open, and Jonathan followed, with Palmer leaning on him for support. Past the startled Mrs. Thompson, toward the front door, they ran. They pushed open the door, and tore down the front steps, Palmer limping badly.\
The
\i  Albion
\i0  was clear of zombies at least; clearly the Resurrectionists hadn\'92t wanted the dead to interrupt their work and had avoided spreading the Lazarus Virus within the vicinity of the lab.\
\'93I suppose you don\'92t shit where you eat,\'94 Jonathan muttered. He wondered how long it would take before even this neighborhood was overrun by the dead. How long, without the aid of the infectious gas, would it take for the plague to spread?\
He spared a glance over his shoulder. The Resurrectionists were just now arriving in the lobby.\
\'93Come on!\'94 he cried, dragging Palmer along as he headed down the long driveway of the 
\i Albion
\i0 .\
Annabel didn\'92t need to be told twice. She quickly hurried after him, with only the occasional backward glance to see that, yes, they were still being followed.\
Another shot rang out, but it went wild. Jonathan returned fire, forcing the Resurrectionists to take cover while the trio fled. They sought cover behind a statue that marked the entrance to the driveway.\
\'93I\'92m out,\'94 Jonathan announced.\
 A hail of bullets struck the statue, and Jonathan had to cover his ears and eyes as the stone crumbled.\
\'93Blood hell!\'94 Annabel swore.\
\'93Go,\'94 said Palmer. \'93Leave me here. I\'92ll only slow you down.\'94\
\'93I like that idea,\'94 said Annabel.\
Jonathan shook his head. \'93I still need him,\'94 he said. \'93He still has questions to answer for.\'94 He turned to Annabel. \'93Go. I\'92m right behind you.\'94\
Annabel shrugged. She dashed out onto the street, bullets bouncing off the ground inches from her feet. It was only by luck that she wasn\'92t hit. Then it was Jonathan\'92s turn to risk the open road. He stepped out from behind the statue and ran.\
With Palmer on his shoulder, he was too slow, but somehow, they managed to reach the other side of the street. They took cover behind a tall tree. A bullet lodged in the thick trunk, bark filling the air.\
The neighborhood was dead quiet, but for the shower of bullets; Jonathan could spy fearful faces peering out of the windows at them. Probably wondering if they were zombies.\
He scanned the sky. \'93Where is it?\'94\
\'93Your airship?\'94 she asked.\
Jonathan nodded. He flinched as another bullet lodged in the tree trunk. Jonathan gave Palmer another once over. He was in rough shape, his face pale and sweating, the blood clinging to his shirt and trousers.\
\'93He\'92s going to bleed out,\'94 said Annabel.\
Jonathan risked a peak and saw that the Resurrectionists were still following. They had split up, though, half of them heading away from them, the rest headed their way. They might not have seen where they\'92d hidden, but they would be close enough to spot them in a moment. Then they\'92d be sitting ducks.\
\'93We\'92ll be safer in the skies,\'94 Jonathan whispered quickly. \'93I sent some of my crew on a bit of an errand. I\'92d hoped they would be back by now. We\'92ll need to make it on foot.\'94\
\'93Where are we headed?\'94 Palmer asked, his voice weak.\
\'93Newgate,\'94 said Jonathan.}