{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 One of the deckhands was kind enough to draw a bath for Annabel. A bath room on an airship seemed a ridiculous extravagance to Annabel, and the 
\i Dreadful\'92s
\i0  bath room took this extravagance further still. It was a wide room with a deep claw foot tub and\'97to Annabel\'92s amazement\'97it had in-built plumbing. She had only to turn on the taps and a fresh stream of hot water would spill out of the pipes and into the tub. There were little bottles of fragrances and jars of bath salts on the shelves, but Annabel could hardly see the point of using them. She just wanted to scrub the blood from her skin, and she knew that in a few hours she was likely to have a fresh coat of blood on her skin, not to mention a layer of sweat.\
Annabel had made a career of robbing wealthy gentlemen, and had over her years acquired more than one item that on its own could have bought entire countries. From rare works of art to crown jewels and enormous diamonds, she was no stranger to riches. She could have lived like a queen. But, strange as it seemed, she found it difficult to enjoy such luxuries. Her tastes tended towards simpler things. Perhaps it was that she owed her station in life to her wealthy benefactor, Anthony Tidkins. Even so, the bath was one luxury Annabel found nothing to complain about.\
She caught a glimpse of her reflection in the looking glass. She\'92d removed both her eye and her arm for getting in the tub. She stared into her cycloptic, scarred reflection. She ran her fingers over the silver clasps surgically installed in her eye socket, ran them over the mess of scarred and mangled flesh. Annabel bore the scars of the dangerous life she lived. As she ran her finger down her line of scars, she thought of Anthony Tidkins, who\'92d created 
\i more
\i0  of the creatures that had done this to her.\
Her right arm was a stump, a few mere inches that ended abruptly at her upper arm where it had been amputated. That was how she\'92d survived the zombie bite all those years ago, in the barn behind Baron Samedi\'92s	 home. Anthony Tidkins had taken her arm off with a bone saw before the virus could spread through her body.\
She still had the feeling of an arm that wasn\'92t there. Occasionally she swore she could feel an itch or a cramp in that arm, although that was impossible.\
The first chance she got, she was going to kill him with the arm he\'92d built her. She was going to watch him die with the eye he\'92d made for her.\
She washed her hair and rinsed it under the copper pipes. She climbed out of the steaming tub, even less relaxed than when she\'92d climbed in. She snatched up a towel with her left hand and began to dry her hair. She felt a jolt as the airship shifted direction. She threw the towel over her shoulder, picked up her discarded prosthetic arm. The prosthetic connected to the surgical implants in the socket of her arm with a mechanical click. At once, she could move the arm again and flex her fingers. She had no feeling in that arm, but she\'92d grown so accustomed to using the mechanical arm that it felt like second nature to use it. There were a couple of leather straps to help hold the heavy mechanical arm in place. She strapped them over her shoulder. There were deep lines in her skin from the leather straps.\
Before replacing her eye, she wound up the gears with the key she wore around her neck. The clockwork began to tick, as she hooked up and strapped on her eye. She wound up her arm in the same manner, and with the same key. She finished toweling dry and scooped up the clothes she\'92d borrowed from Roderick Steen\'92s wardrobe. Most of his ladies\'92 clothes were long, elaborate dresses in old-fashioned styles from the Renaissance period, but she did manage to find one outfit that suited her well enough.\
Rather than wear a skirt, she\'92d borrowed a pair of black trousers from Roderick\'92s personal wardrobe. She hoped he wouldn\'92t mind. They were a bit baggy on her, but better than being burdened by a bulky bustle skirt. This mission might require her to run or to fight, and she couldn\'92t do either easily while wearing a skirt. She dressed herself in a black corset, with a striped black and white blouse and a rich brown bodice, accessorized with a light brown corduroy jacket with a mandarin collar. Her key hung from her neck, pendant-like. She put on a bulky pair of leather boots and laced them up tight.\
She patted her damp hair again with the towel and ran a comb through it. Jonathan had offered to send a maid to assist her, but Annabel had simply scowled at him until he retracted the offer. Now, as she sorted through her tangled hair and tried to style it so that it wouldn\'92t get in her way, she half-regretted that decision.\
At last, she emerged from the bathroom, where one of the deckhands was waiting to escort her back to the passenger\'92s lounge. When she arrived, Jonathan and R\'e9my were gathered around Palmer\'92s sketch of the facility\'92s layout.\
She headed over to join them and reached for the map. \'93May I?\'94\
\'93By all means,\'94 said Palmer.\
She took a minute to look it over, considered their options, all the possible escape routes and entryways.\
\'93I have an idea,\'94 she said, still running her eyes over the map.\
The others huddled over it as she laid out the plan.\
In between the two laboratories were a number of offices, libraries, smaller medical labs, and living quarters for the scientists. The holding cells where Annabel and Parson Sinews had been held were in an adjacent hallway. Annabel and R\'e9my would go straight for Roderick, while Jonathan and Palmer would go to the lab in order to steal the Resurrectionists\'92 research.\
\'93Keep a close an on him, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 she said. \'93For all we know, Mr. Palmer is still working with the Resurrectionists, not against them. Remember, he led you straight to Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
\'93Only because you 
\i asked 
\i0 me to take you down to the basement,\'94 Palmer said to Jonathan. \'93You have to believe me. Everything I\'92ve done was only to protect you.\'94\
\'93I 
\i don\'92t
\i0  believe you,\'94 Jonathan answered. He turned to Annabel. \'93As you say, I\'92ll keep a close eye on him.\'94\
\'93Good. Is everyone clear on their roles?\'94 Annabel asked. \'93Our mission depends on stealth and deception. The scientists are not fighters. If we stick to the plan, I believe the plan should go off without a hitch. One wrong move, however, and you put us all in danger. Remember, this could be our only chance.\'94\
Jonathan nodded. Annabel looked to Palmer, who gave her his assurances.\
\'93R\'e9my?\'94\
He nodded.\
\'93Good,\'94 said Annabel. \'93Then let\'92s go find Mr. Steen.\'94}