{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It took longer than usual without her usual tools, but it was still just a matter of seconds before she managed to pick the lock. As the door clicked open, Annabel heard the deafening, pulsing sound of the panic alarm. She swung around for any sign of the Resurrectionists, but the coast was still clear. If she hadn\'92t triggered the alarm\'85\

\i Jonathan
\i0 .\
She pushed the door open, and Roderick practically fell into R\'e9my\'92s arms. He planted a kiss on the model\'92s forehead. He turned to Annabel. \'93Lead the way.\'94\
In reply, she handed him the map. She pointed down the corridor. \'93That way,\'94 she said.\
\'93You\'92re not coming with us?\'94\
\'93There\'92s something I need to do first. Go. Get back to the airship. I won\'92t be long.\'94\
Roderick scratched his nose. \'93You\'92re going after Tidkins,\'94 he said.\
Annabel didn\'92t bother denying it. \'93Get back to the ship,\'94 she said again.\
She didn\'92t wait to see if they would do as they were told, or if they would follow her. She simply picked up her crossbow headed down the next corridor.\
She found Tidkins as if by instinct. Having abandoned the map, she picked her path by intuition. She dealt with those who crossed her path with the crossbow, putting them down with the pull of a trigger, barely slowing down until she found him.\
He was with Mr. Hyde, the giant towering over him. His mask was off, his white hair swept back over his head. He held the mask in one hand. The other hand was empty.\
The alarm had stopped; she hadn\'92t even noticed until now.\
\'93Is it really too late?\'94 she said.\
He smiled sadly as he turned around to meet her. \'93For us, you mean?\'94\
His face was as familiar to her as her own. In all the time she\'92d known him, he\'92d barely changed in appearance. But his demeanor had changed. The way he looked at her now, he was a completely different person, a stranger. Part of her wondered, though, if he had really changed at all. Maybe she was the one who\'92d changed.\
\'93For London, I mean,\'94 she said. Careful not to let her emotion show, she looked him in the eye and with careful inflection, she said, \'93It is most definitely too late for us.\'94\
He nodded. \'93I suppose you\'92re right.\'94\
Perhaps she was mistaken, but she thought she detected a hint of regret in his pale pink eyes, a note of sadness in his voice. 
\i Damn him
\i0 . 
\i What did she care?
\i0  He was a mass murderer. She felt sick just thinking about what he had done. And yet, at one time, she had thought of him like a brother. A part of her always would feel that way about him.\
\'93It isn\'92t too late for London,\'94 he said. \'93Once I find a cure\'97\'94\
Her stomach tightened. \'93
\i If
\i0  you find a cure,\'94 she said, \'93and even then it will still be too late. What about all the collateral damage?\'94\
She wasn\'92t just thinking about the Dead London Project. She was thinking about Haiti. She was thinking about everything she\'92d lost because of Anthony Tidkins\'92 obsession. Cure death, no matter the cost.\
\'93It will be worth it,\'94 he answered.\
Annabel snorted. He hadn\'92t changed. After all this time, he hadn\'92t changed at all.\
\'93I will have cured death. No one else will need to die. Not 
\i ever
\i0 .\'94\
\'93You want to cure death but you\'92re willing to destroy a city of millions? That\'92s madness, Jack. 
\i Why? 
\i0 Why is this so important to you?\'94\
\'93Because my father is dying,\'94 he answered.\
\'93Your father?\'94\
\'93Not my real father,\'94 he explained. \'93When I was very young, my father sent me away to live with a man called\'97well, you likely know him as Dr. Jekyll. He was a renowned surgeon, and my father wanted me to be trained by him. He taught me everything I know. Everything, you understand?\'94\
\'93He taught you about the Lazarus Virus?\'94 said Annabel.\
He nodded. \'93He introduced me to the Resurrectionists,\'94 he said. \'93Through our work together, he was exposed to the Lazarus Virus. If we don\'92t find a cure, he\'92ll die.\'94\
\'93And if it costs the lives of millions?\'94 Annabel asked.\
\'93Well, then, I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said, and Annabel believed him.\
At last, Annabel understood. Anthony Tidkins was insane. He was brilliant. But he was insane. She wondered how much Anthony was to blame for that, and how much could be ascribed to his mentor, Dr. Jekyll.\
Her hand was trembling, her vision was unclear. She steeled herself. Before she could put further thought into it, she raised the pistol. Point blank, she aimed its muzzle at her oldest friend and put her finger on the trigger.\
Tidkins\'92 skull erupted in a spray of blood.\
Annabel screamed.\
Tidkins\'92 blood spattered against the wall. His eyes and mouth were wide with surprise. A gaping hole through his left cheek.\
Annabel stared at her gun and blinked in confusion.\
\'93I didn\'92t\'85\'94 she gaped, \'93I didn\'92t pull the trigger.\'94\
She\'92d wanted to. She had desperately wanted to put a bullet in his skull for everything he\'92d done. But for all of her resolve, she still hadn\'92t been able to bring herself to kill him. She\'92d still had hope for him. He\'92d wanted to set things right, to find a way to undo all the bad he\'92d done. Now it was too late. She stared at the gun in her hand. It was still cold. Which meant she couldn\'92t have fired it.\

\i Then who could have\'97?
\i0 \
She spun around, looking for the shooter, and found a familiar face staring back at her, gun still smoking.}