{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi220\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Captain!\'94 he began shouting. \
\
\'93Captain!\'94 he shouted again, more urgently.\
He felt a sense of panic as he looked out at the airship. He was trapped in this room, the airship his last hope for escape. If he could hail its captain. Otherwise, the ship was still too far to reach from here. His panic worsened the longer the ship continued to float there, unmoving. \
\
At last, the ship\'92s captain emerged onto its deck.\
\'93What is it, sir?\'94 said Captain Merrick, whose disheveled hair and lethargic movements suggested that he\'92d been catching some sleep. \'93I wasn\'92t expecting you so soon.\'94\
\'93Never mind that! The ship!\'94 Jonathan called, still in a bit of a panic. \'93I need you to bring it closer.\'94\
\'93Closer?\'94 the captain repeated.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Right up against the house,\'94 Jonathan explained.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 He chewed his lip as he waited, picking nervously at the little bits of chapped skin with his teeth. He gestured frantically for the captain to hurry it up. Any moment now the door would cave in beneath the efforts of Lord Connor\'92s servants, and whoever else might be assisting them. Perhaps the police had already been summoned.\
The captain shouted his orders to his crew, and a moment later, they were taking in the lines that held the airship tethered to a nearby tree.\
The ship at last cast off, but it was already too late. \
\
Jonathan turned away for just a second, looking out at the airship. Still too far to reach, but there was nothing for it but to jump. He pushed the window open a bit further, and climbed up onto the windowsill.\
\'93Stop!\'94 cried one of the plague doctors, his voice muffled through the leather of the mask.\
Jonathan recognized him by his top hat. It was Solomon Grundy. \'93He\'92s going to jump. Stop him!\'94
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 They hadn\'92t seen the airship. They thought he would jump to his death, rather than be taken alive. He waited, trying to bide his time and let the airship draw closer. He wobbled on the windowsill and the Resurrectionists halted, wary of startling Jonathan and convincing him to jump. At least, he thought, this meant they wanted him alive. Probably so they could question him and kill him later, but still. It was nice to know they didn\'92t want him immediately dead.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 He didn\'92t dare look out the window to check on the 
\i Penny Dreadful\'92s 
\i0 progress, for fear of giving away his escape plan. Worst case scenario, should he fail to make the jump, he was only on the second floor. He\'92d land on the grass below, suffer a broken arm or leg and be arrested for murder, or be tortured and killed discretely by the Resurrectionists.  Or he might hit a propeller on the way down and meet his swift end in the spinning blades. So, no pressure.\
Best to wait until the last possible moment. The ship was quick despite its size, but the Resurrectionists were quicker, and had less distance to travel.\
\'93Just come down from there,\'94 said Grundy, his voice so muffled by the mask Jonathan could barely understand him. \'93We just want to ask you some questions.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t come any closer, Mr. Grundy,\'94 Jonathan warned. \'93I\'92ll jump.\'94\
\'93Let\'92s just shoot him and get it over with,\'94 said the plague doctor with the red cloak.\
Jonathan drew his own gun and pointed it at them. His hand was trembling from nerves, and he was wobbling precariously on the ledge of the window. This caused them to hesitate. Nothing was more dangerous than a frightened man with a loaded gun.\
Jonathan tried to listen for the airship. As its engines grew louder, he judged that it 
\i might
\i0  now be close enough to make the leap. Suddenly one of the Resurrectionists cried out and lunged towards him; he must have seen the airship behind Jonathan and realized his plan. He\'92d tried to hide the airship with his body, but there was nothing for it now but to jump.\
He turned and leapt. He could practically feel Grundy's hand reach for him and miss. For a moment, he was airborne. Then, he was grasping for the railing. He struck the side of the gondola, hard. He felt the breath knocked out of him. His pistol slipped out of his hand and hit the ground below, but he managed to hold on.\
One of the crewmen hurried over to help Jonathan scramble over the railing and swing himself up onto the ship\'92s deck.\
\'93Get us away from the house, Captain,\'94 said Jonathan, still struggling for breath.\
Already, Grundy looked like he was considering the jump himself, and the ship\'92s momentum was still propelling it towards the house. The jump would be easier to make now. Grundy climbed onto the window ledge.\
The captain took his hand from the steering wheel, drew his pistol and aimed it at the window.\
\'93Don\'92t even think about boarding my ship,\'94 he warned. \'93I\'92ll shoot you dead the moment you step aboard.\'94\
Grundy hesitated, looking back at Connor\'92s body. Jonathan could hear the voices of the other plague doctors, though he couldn\'92t make out what they were saying. At last, Grundy backed down, growling in frustration.\
\'93Let\'92s go, Captain. Party\'92s over,\'94 said Jonathan, wheezing.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 \'93Yes, sir,\'94 said Merrick. Then into the speaking tube, he directed his crew. \'93Take \'91er away, lads.\'94}