{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel stumbled onto the street, gasping for air. She didn\'92t know if she\'92d inhaled whatever vapors had been released into the air, but she might have. She had a strange taste in her mouth and the smell of death still lingered. She felt disoriented. She heard a rumbling sound from above and looked up to see Mr. O\'92s airship pulling away from the window. She felt a breath of relief to know that he\'92d made it out.\
She took a moment to catch her breath while she gazed up at the airship. Most people couldn\'92t have read the name printed on the airship from this distance, but the concealed dart was not the only advantage of her mechanical eye. As she reached up to adjust the focus on her lens, she could make out the lettering on the side of the blimp. 
\i Grimmer and Grimmer
\i0 , it read. She wondered what Mr. O\'92s connection to the Grimmers might be. He might be an employee, a journalist, or perhaps an editor. It was even possible that he was Jonathan Grimmer, the very man whose invitation she\'92d swiped on her way into the masquerade. If so, that might have explained why he'd looked at her so strangely when she'd introduced herself as Mr. Grimmer. She couldn\'92t be certain, but either way, she now had a trail leading back to him.\
She glanced back at the house. Through the open front door, she could see men and women writhing on the floor, succumbing to fits, drool escaping their lips. Amid the chaos, the crow-faced men wandered the crowd, unaffected by the deadly gas.\
She swore. She\'92d been in dangerous spots before, but very few like this. She\'92d barely gotten out of there alive. She knew the dangers. She knew the risks. The truth was, it was danger she enjoyed most about her work. Her associates were criminals, and if she was being honest, she was one herself. But suddenly it had ceased being fun. Suddenly it was real. It was visceral. She felt the itch of her phantom limb and tightened the fingers of her mechanical arm, curled them into a fist. She slammed it into the wall and felt the vibration travel into her arm.\
\'93Bloody hell,\'94 she swore.\
The most frustrating thing was how 
\i helpless
\i0  she felt. She wanted to go back in there and stab each and every one of those bastards in the guts for this. But she couldn\'92t even breathe the air inside the mansion, and she was outnumbered and outgunned. All she could do was watch in horror as wealthy gentlemen and high society ladies collapsed, coughing and hacking until their lungs gave in and their faces turned purple. She hadn\'92t felt this weak in a long time. Not since the day her eye was plucked out.\
She could still hear screaming from inside the mansion, as the Resurrectionists paced around the halls, spreading fumes. She distanced herself from the entrance of the house and circled around to the west wing, where she could see inside through one of the house\'92s grand windows. The fog was so thick she could see it through the curtains, drifting throughout the house. She cast about for any sign of other survivors, but she was alone.\
She couldn\'92t imagine 
\i why
\i0  the Resurrectionists were poisoning the rich folks. Or why they felt it necessary to put a gun to her back when she\'92d been planning to sell them them what she\'92d stolen anyway. It wasn\'92t as if money was an issue; they\'92d offered to pay her. And why the poison gas? Were they merely covering their tracks, eliminating witnesses? She felt sick for whatever part she\'92d played in this. From now on, she needed to know who she was working for before taking a job, damn the consequences.\
The question still remained, what now? Her lungs burned, and she strained just to breathe, even now with fresh air all around her. Had she breathed in those toxic fumes? She couldn\'92t be certain. But her head ached. It was hard to think; to go to the police and summon help, or to linger here, watching through the windows in the hopes that she might get some chance to sate her thirst for bloody vengeance. The longer she waited, the more evident it became that she\'92d already made up her mind.\
She continued to circle around the mansion, until she found herself amongst rose bushes and ferns. To her left, a tall statue, a fountain. It was dark, but she could see she was in a garden. Flickering lights from nearby windows cast shadows across a stone walkway that led through the lush rear garden behind Connor\'92s enormous house.\
She could still hear people screaming from within the house, and she saw the lights begin to illuminate the windows of the neighboring houses. She needed to work quickly. As soon as the neighbors realized what was going on, they would summon the police. The last thing she wanted was to be here when the bobbies arrived. But she did want to see what was going on inside, and the windows on this side of the house opened to the library, not the ballroom. She might be able to get a clear view of the ballroom if she could climb up to the balcony, if she could find a ladder or just a foothold in the brickwork of the house.\
Eventually, the screams from within the house began to subside, and the night grew disturbingly quiet. Those who might have escaped would have already done so; by now the rest had succumbed to the poisoned air and either lost consciousness or died. Annabel had no idea what sort of poison it was, but she was comforted that she had not inhaled enough gas to be afflicted like those inside.\
She wondered how many had gotten out, and was surprised to realize that she was grateful that Mr. O was among their numbers. He had proven useful, so that might account for the sentiment. He was a witness; it would be more prudent to wish him dead, but she just couldn\'92t bring herself to that. For the second time that night, she wished she could be just a bit more ruthless.\
She continued onward and nearly tripped over a dark shape that lay sprawled out on the pavement. She stooped over to examine it. It was a body, his head cracked open, his skin mottled and sickly. She craned her neck upward; the window on the second story opened to Lord Connor\'92s study.\
She shrank back from the body, just as a loud crash came from somewhere nearby. She spun towards its source and saw glass shattering in one of the bedroom windows upstairs. The sound was followed by an inhuman roar as something tumbled out of the house. A blur of shadow, it landed hard on the ground below, and lay still.\
Annabel froze. Every instinct, every nerve in her body was telling her to 
\i run, just run! 
\i0 Instead she ignored her racing heartbeat and crept through the garden towards it, looking between the dark shape on the ground and the shattered glass of the window above. \
\'93That was quick,\'94 she heard someone say. The sound originated from the broken window.\
\'93Incubation period varies,\'94 said another voice from above. She spotted the first now, sticking his head between the broken glass and looking down. She kept low to the ground, out of sight in the thick shadows of the garden. \'93Some turn almost instantly. Others take minutes, hours even. Nobody\'92s really sure why. I have a theory though.\'94\
\'93Aye, and what\'92s that?\'94\
As the men were talking, Annabel kept her eyes on the spot on the ground where the thing had landed. It was moving again, getting up. She could see broken limbs now that she was closer. It was a man. A gentleman, perhaps, but there was nothing gentle about him now. His clothes were in tatters, his hat missing from his head. And though his bones were broken, his form twisted so unnaturally he hardly looked human, he didn\'92t seem to notice the state he was in.\
\'93See, Lazarus works in two stages, right?\'94 the Resurrectionist was saying. \'93First, it kills you. Then it wakes you up. Well, I figure this chap didn\'92t die of the virus. Old man like him, he probably died of a heart attack, skipped right past stage one. The virus only has to do half the work; it doesn\'92t have to kill him. It just has to wake him up. My guess is that\'92s why bites bring \'91em back quicker than the gas.\'94\
\'93I\'92d love to run a series of experiments in order to test that hypothesis,\'94 the second Resurrectionist answered.\
The old man looked at Annabel, sniffing the air and staring at her with hunger in his eyes. The same way Lord Connor had looked at her. She reached for her gun, ready to shoot if he came at her. But she kept still and watched, knowing she would give away her position if she fired. She tried to quiet her breathing, and kept statue-still. She waited, silently praying he would just go away.\
Suddenly, he charged. She took aim, but before she could get a shot off, a gunshot rang out from the upstairs window. The old man hit the ground, a hole punched straight through his head.\
\'93Nice shot,\'94 said one of the men in the plague masks from the window.\
Annabel craned her neck. They were looking out the window at the old man\'92s body, probably making sure he wasn\'92t going to get up again. At least they weren\'92t looking at her. She took her time, aimed, and squeezed the trigger. She hit the first of them. He dropped, right through the window he was leaning out of and landed in the rose bushes below.\
The second man shouted in surprise and drew his own weapon. He managed to fire two shots before Annabel could reload her single-shot derringer, but her aim was better than his. One shot to the forehead and he fell to the floor. She holstered her derringer and crossed the walkway to the rose bushes where the first of them had fallen. He was groaning; good. She wanted him alive. But he was reaching for something, a gun maybe.\
She stepped closer, seized his hand before he reached it, and looked into his eyes.\
\'93Who do you work for?\'94 she asked. Her tone was calm, and her face was impassive. Inside she was shaking, but she gave no outward signs that she was frightened. It was time to be ruthless.\
He shook his head and coughed. Annabel frowned at him. Well, there were ways of making people talk, weren\'92t there? His vest was wet with blood, a hole ripped through it where she\'92d hit him. She reached out and with a gloved hand, thrust her fingers into his wound. He screamed, but she didn\'92t let up. She just kept digging her fingers into his chest until sweat dripped down his brow. It was a bit disturbing, feeling her fingers inside his wound, but what disturbed her most was that on some level, she felt deep satisfaction. 
\i How\'92s this for ruthless, 
\i0 she thought.\
He muttered something.\
She withdrew her hand, peeled the straps off his mask, and revealed his face. She was surprised to see how young he was. Nineteen, perhaps, barely an adult. For a moment, she felt a horrible sense of guilt. He was about to die, and she was literally torturing
\i  
\i0 him. Then she remembered who he was, and thought of the piles of corpses that now lined the halls. She leaned in close to his face so she could hear what he had to say.\
\'93Anthony Tidkins,\'94 he coughed.\
She narrowed her eyes and dug her fingers in deeper. She could have guessed that; if Resurrectionists were involved, it made sense that the Resurrection Man himself was behind it.\
\'93Tell me something I don\'92t already know,\'94 she growled. \'93What was in the vial? Poison?\'94\
For a moment it looked like he might not answer. Stubborn, even now, as he lay dying on the rose bush. But then, he coughed up a bit of blood, and looked up into Annabel\'92s eyes. He was almost smiling when he answered, \'93
\i Lazarus
\i0 .\'94\
\'93Explain.\'94\
\'93It\'92s a virus,\'94 he said.\
Annabel nodded. This filled in one piece of the puzzle. The man who\'92d tumbled out of the window after inhaling this 
\i Lazarus
\i0  virus had been afflicted with the same thing as Connor. And if the virus could be spread by poison gas, it was possible Connor had been infected deliberately. She thought of what Mr. O had said about Lord Connor; he had dangerous friends. Was it possible that Connor\'92s 
\i friends
\i0  were the ones who infected him?\
She stood up, fishing around in her pockets for another bullet. Finding one, she reloaded her derringer one last time and put the gun to his head. She put a bullet between the man's eyes, and walked away. She would love to linger and shoot every last one of these damned Resurrectionists one by one, but the police would be coming soon\'97and she only had so many bullets.}