{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick had already fired three of the little six-shooter\'92s bullets. Each bullet had hit its mark, leaving a gaping wound through the policeman\'92s heart. Each bullet should have killed him, but Nichols was already dead. Roderick had checked the man for a pulse and had felt nothing. The man\'92s flesh was already beginning to rot, though he\'92d been dead only a minute and though he was still walking. Something was keeping Nichols on his toes, but it wasn\'92t blood pumping through his veins.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 Roderick stumbled backward as Nichols lunged forward with a staggering gait. Roderick hit the floor, landing hard on his back, while Nichols crawled after him, spittle and drool falling from his rotting lips. Roderick felt a cold hand on his leg, its grasp tight, threatening to tear through the fabric of his trousers and dig into his skin.\
The sounds the creature was making were unnatural. Rasping, wheezing, predatory snarls and growls, not quite human, not quite animal. The sound of breath flowing through dead lungs. His teeth snapped, aiming for Roderick\'92s hand. Roderick just barely managed to avoid being bitten.\
Suddenly, violently, there was a sickening crunch, the hard hammer of a billy club striking the dead man\'92s skull. It exploded in a spray of rancid blood and brain. The tight grip on Roderick\'92s leg relaxed, and Nichols fell face-first onto Roderick\'92s chest. Roderick yelped.\
\'93Get him off me,\'94 he whined, \'93Get him off! Get him off!\'94\
As Taggert wiped the blood from his baton on his trousers, the other policemen helped Roderick to drag the now unmoving body off him.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 he said, addressing the policeman with a moustache, who had offered a hand to help Roderick to his feet. \'93Detective Inspector,\'94 he said to Taggert.\
\'93What is it?\'94\
Roderick looked at Nichols, his skull caved in by the Inspector\'92s heavy blow to the head, and then at the ceiling, at a bullet hole in the plaster. He couldn\'92t say this with certainty, but judging from the angle of entry, whoever shot Lord Connor had been lying on the floor with Connor pinned on top of him. He looked back to Nichols, contemplating the holes he\'92d put in the man\'92s chest which had done nothing at all to stop him. It had taken a blow to the head to put him down, just as\'97he suspected\'97it had with Connor.\
\'93I believe I know what happened to Lord Connor,\'94 he muttered, almost to himself.\
\'93Roderick?\'94 said Taggert.\
\'93Never mind. Inspector, I\'92ve come to understand something about these dogs scratching at our door, and it is imperative that you understand it as well. I was wrong about one thing. They do not merely seem dead. They 
\i are
\i0  dead.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 sputtered the other policeman, a tall, bulky man with greasy black hair and a dark complexion. \'93How can they be dead if they are still walking? What are they?\'94\
\'93I\'92m not sure. Vampires?\'94 Roderick said.\
He recalled a conversation he\'92d once had with Parson Sinews about Anthony Tidkins; Sinews told him an anecdote about the dead being brought back to life by Haitian vodou sorcerers. According to Sinews, these 
\i zombies
\i0 , as he called them, were never truly dead; they were poisoned, their brains damaged by toxins. The dead outside the door were no different than the zombies Sinews had described. This affliction had robbed them of their capacity for rational thought.\
\'93No,\'94 he said. \'93Not vampires. Zombies.\'94\
He looked at Nichols\'92 unmoving corpse. The bullets he\'92d put in Nichols\'92 chest hadn\'92t killed him. \'93Ordinary means may not kill them. Aim for their heads.\'94\
\'93Zombies?\'94 Taggert repeated. Even if he was unfamiliar with the word, he seemed to grasp the way that Roderick had meant it. It was a dehumanizing word, a word that implied these men were no longer men at all. They were monsters. Taggert gaped at Roderick, wide-eyed and frightened. \'93Are you mad, Steen?\'94\
Roderick answered by reloading his pistol and aiming it at the door that was splintering under the pressure of the creatures outside, slamming their bodies and fists against the wall until it threatened to cave in.\
\'93It took all three of us just to deal with 
\i one
\i0  of them,\'94 Roderick said, gesturing at the dead policeman. \'93How many, do you think, are on the other side of that door, Detective?\'94\
\'93Hundreds.\'94\
\'93I concur. And I think, unless you have some idea of how to deal with this situation, that you had better trust me.\'94\
Roderick could understand Taggert\'92s hesitation. This was a political nightmare. The zombies outside had been ministers, barons and baronesses, military figures, all of them Taggert\'92s societal betters. If it turned out that they could have been cured of their affliction and Taggert had killed them, to say that it would be career-ending would be an understatement of vast proportions.\
\'93Your life is at stake,\'94 Roderick reminded him.\
His words were drowned out as the door finally gave in, the barricade toppled over, and the dead spilled into the room.\
In top hats and cravats, in bustle skirts and corsets, with silk ribbons in their hair and gloves on their hands, a hundred dead aristocrats shuffled forward, spluttering and moaning as they gnashed their quickly rotting teeth.\
Roderick opened fire, taking aim at the closest of them, and put the creature down. A bullet through the skull and, the first of the zombies hit the floor. The undead mob kept coming, stumbling over their fallen comrade as Roderick turned to the next closest creature and aimed his gun.\
Finally, the policemen understood. At least, so Roderick assumed, as their gunshots joined Roderick\'92s own, and the zombies fell in quick succession. Still, the creatures were pouring through the doorway more quickly than Roderick and the policemen could put them down. Already, Roderick\'92s gun chamber was empty. He fished through his pockets for more bullets, found them, and swung the chamber open.\
In those few moments, a dozen more of the dead had hurled themselves over the broken doorway and fallen barricade and tumbled into the room. They crawled, staggered, and shuffled forward. Roderick resumed firing into the crowd but they were coming so quickly now, he barely had time to aim.\
He retreated further into the room, backing his way towards the far wall as he emptied his chamber yet again. He reached for more bullets and found that only three remained.\
\'93Inspector!\'94 he shouted, fumbling to reload, \'93How fares your supply of ammunition?\'94\
He finished reloading and emptied the gun a moment later, the dead landing just a few feet from where he stood. Still, the dead were flooding into the room as if their numbers were unlimited.\
The din of gunshots quieted until all that could be heard was the snarling, growling of the shambling dead.\
Taggert holstered his gun. \'93I\'92m out,\'94 he said.\
\'93Look out!\'94 Roderick cried.\
Taggert turned and swung his baton, bashing in the skull of an approaching zombie. Not all of the zombies fell to Taggert\'92s blows as easily as had Nichols; they hadn\'92t all decomposed so quickly as he had. Perhaps this had something to do with the method of their infection. Nichols had been infected by a bite, and the rest had contracted the illness via tainted gas.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The older ones, their heads bashed in easily enough beneath Taggert\'92s baton, but the freshly turned had thicker skulls. Taggert\'92s pace was beginning to slow; his face was ruddy and his mustache was glistening with sweat. Roderick was beginning to tire himself. Unlike Taggert and his officers, who had their truncheons, Roderick was armed only with a small letter opener he\'92d found among the contents of Connor\'92s desk drawers.\
Some of the dead were on their hands and knees, crawling their way forward. These Roderick dealt with himself, jamming the letter opener into their brittle skulls, or stomping on their heads. Their heads caved in beneath his feet as easily as squashed insects. He felt bile rise up in his throat, but he swallowed it and returned to his gruesome work. Thick blood spilled from the zombies, dark and rotten. Roderick\'92s feet were drenched in the vilest gore, and he thought he felt shards of bone cutting into his skin. He worried this affliction could be passed on through the blood.\
Like Taggert, Roderick was quickly becoming exhausted. He couldn\'92t keep this up for long. Soon enough, he\'92d tire, and when he did, the dead would be on him in an instant. They were slow, clumsy, and easily dispatched with a blow to the head, but they were relentless. And there were hundreds of them.\
Roderick didn\'92t know what the dead wanted. Would they eat his flesh, or simply kill him and move on to the next victim? One thing was clear, though; they were intent on hurting him. They wanted to sink their fingernails into his skin or to tear open his throat with their teeth. They lunged at him with their mouths open, swatted at him with their hands, and there was hunger in their otherwise dull eyes.\
Finally, an opening presented itself. It was not the opening Roderick would have hoped for, and it took all of his wits for him to see it that way. But it was an opportunity. The gnashing teeth of the dead had found their prey. The tall, dark-haired policeman. Roderick couldn\'92t even remember the man\'92s name, if he had bothered to learn it. Now he was watching the man die.\
He let out a piercing scream as his throat opened, gushing blood. In a moment, the rest of the dead had turned their attention to the fallen officer, sticking their hands with such force into him, as to rip his clothes to shreds and tear into his flesh with their nails and their teeth.\
Roderick watched, distracted by the horrific scene, as the dead bloodied their lips and pulled lengths of the man\'92s intestines from his body.\
Silently, he grabbed Taggert\'92s arm, dragging him away from the scene. Like Roderick, the man had fallen into silence and inaction. At first, he resisted Roderick\'92s attempt to drag him away. He was fixed on the scene. At last, he turned to Roderick, and with wide eyes, nodded.\
Taggert turned to the other remaining policeman, and called to him, his voice barely a whisper.\
\'93Hargrave!\'94 he called. The man didn\'92t answer. \'93Richard!\'94\
At last, Hargrave turned away from the scene, horror written across his face, tears streaming down his cheeks.\
\'93We have got to go,\'94 Taggert told him.\
Hargrave hesitated.\
\'93Now, Hargrave! Taggert hissed.\
Distancing themselves from the dead, the three remaining men backed quietly away, leaving the zombies to their feast, taking advantage of the distraction to let the remaining dead into the room. For the moment, they were invisible. The zombies were blind to all but the dying man, his flesh exposed, his meat quickly being stripped from his bones. They walked past Roderick, Taggert, and Hargrave as if they weren\'92t even there.\
Finally, when the dead were no longer crawling through the doorway in droves, they left the room, careful not to make a sound lest they distract the dead from their feast.\
They encountered a few stragglers on their way out, but dealt with them with their billy clubs. When they eventually stepped outside into Connor\'92s garden, Roderick had never breathed a fresher breath of air in London in all his life. It was short-lived.\
\'93Roderick, there are more of them out here!\'94 Taggert cried.\
Roderick gaped at the scene in front of them. Taggert was right. There were zombies everywhere. They were roaming the street. Their inhuman moans reverberated across Lincoln\'92s Inn Fields. Roderick heard distant screams, and knew that somewhere nearby the dead were attacking the living, as they had attacked the slain policemen. The zombies moved as one, turning their dead eyes on Roderick and the two policemen.\
\'93They must have gotten out of the house,\'94 said Taggert.\
Roderick shook his head.\
\'93Look,\'94 he said, \'93Over there.\'94\
Roderick was looking at one of the zombies: a child, poor, dirty, his feet bare, his clothing ragged and spattered with blood. Even as Roderick stared at the zombie child in horror, he grasped what it meant.\
\'93This boy wasn\'92t at Lord Connor\'92s ball. He couldn\'92t have been,\'94 he hissed to Taggert. \'93This incident was not confined to the masquerade.\'94}