{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A murder of crows wheeled overhead, a hundred raucous voices cawing noisily. Roderick had never seen so many crows in one place. They circled gracefully, black shadows against a grey backdrop, and perched on trees and archways. One of them swooped down and tried to land on one of the zombies, whose clumsy fists caused the bird to retreat to the prison roof.\
The prison stood at the corner of Newgate and Old Bailey. It originally served as a gate in the Roman wall, but had served as a prison now for centuries. It had been expanded and rebuilt over the years. Now, it was built around a central courtyard, an awful building of heavy bricks and few windows. Its walls were reinforced with iron. Blatant symbols of imprisonment were carved into the bricks around each door and window: chains, shackles, the scales of justice. A crow perched on the ledge above one of the windows. The towers of St. Paul\'92s loomed in the distance.\
Roderick sized it up, and shared a look with Detective Inspector Taggert and Mr. Hargrave. There was no time to hesitate. They had encountered hundreds of zombies on their way here. They were out of breath. There were zombies trailing behind them. Ahead, there were even more. They had nowhere to go but the prison.\
Only a few zombies stood by the door to the prison. Roderick raised his letter opener, but Taggert stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.\
\'93I\'92ll do it,\'94 he said, and headed over to clear the path to the front door.\
A few quick blows to their skulls, and the zombies hit the ground and lay motionless. There was a flurry of wings as crows took flight and circled over the corpses.\
\'93You\'92re becoming quite efficient, Detective Inspector,\'94 said Roderick, heading after him.\
Taggert snorted. \'93If I didn\'92t know better, Mr. Steen, I\'92d say that sounded a bit like praise.\'94\
\'93Don\'92t read into it,\'94 Roderick said, giving him a wink.\
Hargrave taking up the rear, they headed into the infamous prison, a few zombies trailing distantly behind them. Hargrave shut the door.\
The prison was lit by gas. Its stark walls of brick seemed to swallow up the light, so the halls were dark and bare. Roderick had half expected to be greeted by a guard upon entering the prison, somehow feeling that the great brick building was impenetrable and unsusceptible to the zombie plague. That feeling was gone now.\
They found what was left of the guard within moments. Gore and blood stained the walls behind him. His organs spilled out of his body and onto the floor. Somehow he had been decapitated. There were rough bite marks along his neck. Inspector Taggert appeared to be having trouble keeping his lunch down.\
Roderick shrugged. He was getting over his squeamishness rather quickly. He felt, rather pragmatically, that he had seen much worse on the way here. Roderick could be hysterical when there was just cause, and a decapitated prison guard certainly qualified, but someone needed to keep it together.\
Other than the remains of a single guard, the hallway was deserted. He motioned for the officers to follow him, offering a handkerchief to Taggert, who used it to wipe the bile from his chin.\
\'93It should be easy to find Mr. Sinews,\'94 he whispered. \'93I understand the prison is divided into common and state sections?\'94\
\'93That\'92s right,\'94 Taggert confirmed.\
\'93Then we\'92ll find him in the state section.\'94\
\'93Why are we whispering?\'94 Taggert whispered back.\
\'93Because I don\'92t want the dead to hear me,\'94 Roderick replied.\
\'93Do you think there are more of them in here?\'94 Hargrave asked.\
Roderick paused a moment to look back at the ravaged prison guard, and gave a meaningful nod to Hargrave and Taggert.\
\'93I don\'92t think he chewed his own head off,\'94 Roderick answered. \'93Do you?\'94\
Though he had never had occasion to visit Newgate personally, Roderick had a vague understanding of its layout thanks to his discussions with Parson Sinews. This wasn\'92t Taggert\'92s first visit to the prison, nor Mr. Hargrave\'92s. Still, Roderick led the way, the two policemen following close behind as they climbed the short staircase. He paused at the top of the stairs and motioned for the policemen to do the same.\
Before rounding the corner, he took a moment to listen. It was eerily quiet. Roderick realized, in the silence, that his heart was racing. He half expected to round the corner and find himself face to face with another zombie. But so far the zombies hadn\'92t proven to be stealthy hunters. Some of them were quick\'97those most freshly turned, whose bodies hadn't completely rotted away\'97but none of them were clever. They stumbled towards their prey. He should be able to hear them before he ran into them, so long as he took his time and didn\'92t rush in. Still, he couldn\'92t shake the feeling that he was heading into certain danger.\
At last, certain that the coast was clear, he rounded the corner. No zombies loomed in front of him. He motioned for the policemen to follow, and headed into the passage. His footsteps echoed against the bare walls.\
Proceeding slowly, taking care to pause and listen for signs of movement before rounding any corners, they encountered only a few zombies along the way. They dealt with these easily enough, though each time they came across one of the wretched creatures, Roderick\'92s heart pounded so hard against his chest it was painful. At last, they reached the ward for male felons, and heard a mass of voices.\
At first, Roderick couldn\'92t tell if the prisoners were alive or dead, but as he listened, he began to detect the telltale signs\'97the inhuman moans, the gurgling sounds of creatures trying to speak with lungs blackened by rot, the snarling, animalistic howls of hunger.\
\'93They might not 
\i all
\i0  be zombies,\'94 Roderick said quietly, \'93But at least some of them are.\'94\
He took comfort in the knowledge that their prisoners were locked in their cells, and rounded the corner.\
\'93Let\'92s see if Mr. Sinews made it here in one piece, shall we?\'94\
Although the zombies of Newgate were locked in their cells, Roderick continued to proceed with caution. He peered into each windowed cell with the vague hope that the prisoner inside might still be alive, and each time, he was disappointed. He peered into face after face, and saw greyed and blackened flesh, tight, drawn skin, and hungry, dead eyes. Many of the creatures had fetid sores that leaked pus and thick, black blood.\
Others had subtler signs of their symptoms \'97 dry, flaking skin that could almost have passed for a sunburn, mild discoloration around the eyes, or stiffness in their movements. In these cases, it took Roderick a few moments to determine whether or not they were afflicted.\
At each cell door, his anxiety continued to increase. It didn\'92t feel safe being among this many of the zombies, even with them in captivity. On one occasion, he peered into a cell and found it empty. He was about to open the door and have a look inside, when suddenly the horrid face of an unliving creature loomed in front of him, behind the iron bars. His heart pounded like mad, and Roderick\'92s breath caught in his throat. The creature must have been slumped against the door, just out of Roderick\'92s view. He shivered, suddenly feeling the chill in the air.\
\'93Let\'92s hurry up and get this over with,\'94 he said, hand against his racing heart. \'93The sooner we find Sinews, the sooner we can get out of here.\'94\
Taggert nodded in agreement, twirling his mustache, a nervous habit Roderick had caught him at often lately.\
\'93When we find him\'97\'94 Taggert began. He paused to check the next cell, and recoiled when he found its occupant. \'93Do you think he\'92ll still be alive? Or do you think this whole bloody prison is infected?\'94\
\'93I\'92ve no idea,\'94 Roderick said. \'93The virus can be distributed using infectious gas; we know that from the incident at Lord Connor\'92s. But we don\'92t know how far this gas is able to spread. Perhaps one of those mechanical birds was sent into the prison, or somewhere nearby. If this plague is airborne, even breathing is dangerous.\'94\
\'93Then how do we know we won\'92t be infected just by being here?\'94 Taggert asked, checking the next cell.\
\'93We don\'92t,\'94 Roderick replied. He sniffed. \'93And to be frank, we don\'92t know that your officers managed to get Sinews here safely. They might be digesting in the belly of a zombie as we speak. Or they might be zombies themselves, and be prowling the streets in search of human brains to consume.\'94\
\'93Brains?\'94 Hargrave repeated.\
\'93Or kidneys, intestines, livers. I\'92m not sure the dead are picky eaters. Anyway, until we\'92ve checked every last cell, we won\'92t know for sure.\'94\
\'93We could check the log book,\'94 said Hargrave, as he took his turn to peer into another cell.\
\'93Beg your pardon?\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93He\'92s right,\'94 Taggert said, \'93The prison has records of its inmates. We can use that to determine where Mr. Sinews is being held.\'94\
\'93Of course!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, \'93I\'92m an idiot! Why didn\'92t I think of that? I suppose we\'92ll have to double back, then?\'94\
Taggert nodded, and gestured for Roderick and Mr. Hargrave to follow him, as he took the lead this time.\
\'93And don\'92t be too hard on yourself. You\'92re under a great deal of\'97\'94\
He broke off suddenly, as he rounded the corner.\
\'93Taggert?\'94 Hargrave headed around the corner after him, then suddenly drew back.\
\'93What is it?\'94 asked Roderick.\
\'93Back! Back!\'94 cried Hargrave, turning around and urging Roderick to run.\
Behind him, Roderick could now see Detective Inspector Taggert. He was pale, his eyes wide, his hand clamped on his throat. Roderick could see blood spilling out of it. Not half a moment later, the zombies leapt upon him with surprising agility, a speed brought on by the prospect of fresh blood.\
They tore into him, tearing chunks of meat from his body, using only their teeth and fingernails. They bit into his flesh, teeth crunching sickeningly, and slurped up blood from his wounds until it stained their faces red. His intestines slopped onto the floor, steaming and hot. The zombies grabbed lengths of his intestines as if they were links of sausages, and bit into them, squirting hot juice into their mouths.\
Taggert\'92s screams were pitiful, but there was nothing Roderick or Hargrave could do. If they didn\'92t run, they would be next. Hargrave had already pushed past Roderick, and was tearing down the hallway. Roderick sprinted after him. He spared a glance over his shoulder. Taggert was slumped over, either dead or passed out from the pain. For his sake, Roderick hoped he was dead.\
Roderick raced after Hargrave, almost tripping over his own feet as he glanced over his shoulder and saw what the zombies had done to Inspector Taggert. He regained his balance, hands pounding against the wall to stop himself from falling. His lungs aching, heart pounding, he tore down the hall. His bare feet slapped against bare floor, echoed and reverberated against granite walls. Drowning out the sound of his footsteps and labored breathing, the zombies howled and moaned like starved wolves. The stench of rot filled Roderick\'92s lungs as he sucked in breath after breath of stale air, fear overcoming exhaustion as he tore down the long hallway.\
Along the way, dead prisoners thrust their hands through the bars of their cells, grasping at Hargrave and Roderick. The ones that were out of their cells, some of them inmates, some of them prison staff, staggered after.\
\'93This way,\'94 Hargrave called, rounding a corner at the end of the hall.\
He went up a flight of stairs, Roderick following as quickly as he could manage. His lungs burned, his mortal fear of exercise out-won by a more driving fear\'97that he would be eaten alive, or ravaged by cold, dead hands\'97or worse still, that he would be bitten and infected. The idea of his rational thoughts devolving into predatory instinct terrified him. Desperate, his feet hammered up the staircase, up two flights of steps.\
The snarling, slavering dead were only seconds behind him. If he stumbled now, they would have him in a moment. They were clumsy on the stairs. Some of them, their limbs stiffened by rigor mortis, staggered and fell. Those with flesh softened to mush by rot, limbs blackened and decaying, failed too. But the rest climbed over them, agile and quick, the infection still in its early stages. Roderick didn\'92t dare look back. All he could do was climb. Adrenaline and fear filled him with the energy to keep climbing.\
As Roderick reached the top flight of steps, he caught sight of Hargrave, tearing down the hallway like the hounds of hell were after him. Roderick mounted the few final steps, zombies grasping at his heels, and panted for breath. They missed his ankles by inches.\
He spun around, brandishing the small letter opener. The nearest zombie was a prison guard, black veins running through grey and flaking skin, a crisp uniform spattered with blood. Roderick seized him by the shoulder for leverage, and thrust the letter opener into his jaw. The blade lodged in the guard\'92s skull, crunching through skin and bone with a sound like slicing a cantaloupe. He dislodged the letter opener and shoved the dead guard backwards. He toppled down the stairs, taking several other zombies with him, two hundred pounds of dead weight crashing down the stairs onto them.\
Others closed the gap. They lunged at Roderick. He stumbled back, desperate to avoid their rot-black fingers, and fell flat on his ass. The letter opener clattered to the floor, out of reach. Heart racing, he shoved himself backward, as the two closest zombies bit into the air where he\'92d been half a second earlier. Unshakeable, frenzied panic made him scramble back further. He kicked wildly at them without aim or precision, nothing but mortal terror.\
This was it. This was how it would end. He felt their hands on his chest, and let out a whimper. His waistcoat ripped, and he felt them tearing at his shirtsleeves, trying to get at his arms. He blinked his eyes shut. If they were going to tear open his skin and pluck out his organs, he didn\'92t want to watch them do it. He screwed his eyes closed and braced himself.\
Instead, there was a deafening bang.\
His eyes snapped open. There was a spray of thick, gloppy blood, and the sound of a body hitting the floor. He smelled gunpowder. Another gunshot. Another body hit the floor. Roderick looked up and saw Hargrave standing over him, gun in hand.\
No time to ask where he\'92d gotten it, he reached up and took Hargrave\'92s other hand. The policeman hauled him to his feet, fired another shot into the mob of zombies, and took off again, running.\
Roderick didn\'92t waste a second, just took off again after Hargrave, thanking his lucky stars that Hargrave had come back for him. Ahead, Hargrave stumbled to a sudden stop. Roderick felt his heart stop.\
The way ahead was cut off by a second group of zombies, this one even bigger than the mob at their back. Too many to go through. They couldn\'92t go forward, and they couldn\'92t turn back. There was nowhere to run.}