{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The airship was high above the dying city of London, above the clouds, sailing through the aether. Far enough above the city that they could no longer hear the apocalyptic sounds from the ground below. The screams of the living as they watched their friends and family members die, only to turn on them. The inhuman moan of the zombies as they hunted for living flesh. The shattering of glass as the creatures broke into homes and businesses; even in their homes the living were not safe.\
The floor was as steady as solid ground, with only a light breeze stirring the air. The whir of propellers and the 
\i chunk-chunk 
\i0 of the engines kept up a steady rhythm. The airship was not without its comforts, and much as Jonathan disliked heights, it was preferable to being on the ground at the moment. Jonathan plopped himself into a chair with an audible sigh. Then he rang the bell for tea.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Across from him sat Abraham Palmer, his shoulder and leg stitched up by the ship's doctor. He'd always felt that a doctor aboard the ship was a ridiculous waste of money, but now that he knew the truth about his father, it made sense. He was still trying to come to terms with what Palmer had told him. Charles Grimmer wasn't just an illusionist; he was also a zombie hunter. No wonder he kept a gun collection aboard the 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dreadful
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.\
To his left sat Annabel, the lady with the clockwork eye. Lord Connor's assassin. Curious company he kept these days.\
And to his right, Roderick Steen. He had been surprised and relieved to find Roderick aboard his ship when he, Palmer, and Annabel had finally reached Newgate. Apparently, Skip\'97with the help of some of the crew\'97had managed to rescue Roderick. They hadn't found Parson Sinews, of course, but that hardly mattered. It was good to have his friend at his side once again.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
After a long, trying day, tea was not just a comfort; it was a necessity. It was served with sandwiches and sweets, lemon tarts and soft warm bread.\
He watched Roderick tear into his sandwich eagerly. Annabel sipped her tea delicately, her eyes scanning the room warily.\
}