{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93I was a much younger woman back then\'97a girl, really\'97and if it can be believed, even prettier than I am now,\'94 said Annabel, with a wink of her one eye.\
\'93Impossible,\'94 Jonathan said, smirking.\
Annabel grinned, her cheeks dimpling. \
\'97\'97\
\
\
She had told her story over their first cup of tea. How the Resurrectionists had taken the prize she\'92d stolen from Connor\'92s safe and used it to unleash the Lazarus Virus. How she\'92d followed Palmer and Mrs. Grimmer down into the Resurrectionist laboratory, where she\'92d seen the zombie in its tank, and where she met Dr. Jekyll. How she\'92d been taken prisoner and met Parson Sinews. How she\'92d made her escape after a brief confrontation with Anthony Tidkins.\
They were comparing notes. Jonathan\'92s own findings were much the same as hers. He told the gathered party about his own meeting with Parson Sinews. He summarized what Sinews had told him about the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 . He told them about Sinews\'92 arrest. \'93The police believed Sinews was the Resurrection Man, Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
Annabel snorted. \'93The police are wrong,\'94 she said. \'93I\'92ve met Mr. Sinews, and I\'92ve met Anthony Tidkins. They are not the same man.\'94\
\'93You\'92ve met Anthony Tidkins?\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Long story,\'94 Annabel answered.\
\'93Detective Inspector Taggert said he spoke to a witness who swore up and down that Sinews was the Resurrection Man,\'94 Roderick said. \'93It was Taggert\'97god rest his idiotic soul\'97who sent the Black Mariah\'92s to arrest Sinews.\'94\
\'93Mr. Ocelot believed his employer, Mr. Sinews, was used by the Resurrectionists as a scapegoat. This 
\i witness 
\i0 was likely a Resurrectionist. A convenient way to get rid of Mr. Sinews, who might have been a threat to the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 ,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Mr. Sinews believed my father\'92s death was not an accident. Given the scrap of paper I found in my father\'92s office, I tend to agree. I believe my father was killed by Resurrectionists.\'94\
He noticed Palmer looking down at his tea, and directed his attention at him.\
\'93After my meeting with Mr. Sinews, I headed to the Albion, where I spoke with Mr. Palmer,\'94 he said.\
Jonathan sat back in his chair and sipped his tea. He gave a brief summary of his conversation with Palmer to the rest of the party. All eyes turned to Palmer.\
Palmer nodded.\
\'93Yes, I suppose you want an explanation,\'94 he said. He took a sip of tea, wincing with pain from his gunshot wound. \'93What Jonathan says is true. Beneath the theatre is a laboratory. It was used to study the effects of the Lazarus Virus, these inhuman creatures you call 
\i zombies
\i0 . Mr. Grimmer and I have been hunting these creatures for years now, since Jonathan was a boy.\'94\
Annabel frowned seriously, scrutinizing Palmer with an unreadable expression. It was impossible to know what thoughts lay behind those eyes, when one of them was made of brass, polished wood, and polarized glass. She gulped back her tea as if it was the last cup on earth. Jonathan raised an eyebrow in question.\
\'93It\'92s been a long day,\'94 she said with a dismissive shrug, \'93I find tea to be quite the restorative, don\'92t you?\'94\
Jonathan had to agree.\
\'93Drink tea. Kill zombies. If that\'92s what life is going to be from now on, we might as well do what we can to enjoy it.\'94\
\'93I like this girl, Jonathan,\'94 said Roderick. \'93She has fire.\'94\
Jonathan shrugged. 
\i The thing about fire
\i0 , he thought, 
\i is that it's dangerous
\i0 . He looked back at Palmer, who continued as if uninterrupted. \'93When the Resurrectionists found out about the laboratory, they began to make arrangements to take it over. Rather than let that happen, we offered to work with them. We provided unrestricted access to the lab, believing that this would make it easier to monitor their activities. We now know that even though we were able to keep an eye on them, they were still able to keep secrets from us. We knew about Dead London, but we didn\'92t know they planned to begin the experiment so soon. What you have to understand, though, is that even if we had all the information, it would have been impossible to stop the Resurrectionists. Their identities are such closely guarded secrets, it\'92s impossible to even know how many of them there are. We do know that they have members in all areas of society. Not just scientists, but policemen, soldiers, even aristocrats\'97Lord Connor being just one example. Rumor has it that even Queen Victoria is sympathetic to the Resurrectionist cause.\'94\
\'93Queen Victoria supported the idea of turning London into a city of the dead?\'94 Jonathan scoffed.\
\'93The Resurrectionists believe they can conquer death. Queen Victoria is getting old. She was promised immortality. Yes, we believe she supported the Dead London Project.\'94\
Jonathan fell silent and took a sip of tea. He nibbled on a treacle tart as he stared at Palmer. The tart was probably the first thing he\'92d eaten in days, now that he thought about it.\
Palmer was badly wounded, his shoulder bandaged with a strip of cloth from Annabel\'92s skirt. He tried to hide a grimace as he lifted his teacup to his lips. Blood had seeped through his bandage.\
\'93So,\'94 said Roderick, \'93the Resurrectionists believe they can use the Lazarus Virus to cheat death? And to do so, they need to find someone who has a natural immunity to it? Someone who can survive being exposed to the virus?\'94\
Palmer nodded.\
\'93It begs the question,\'94 Roderick continued, \'93Suppose we manage to come up with a way to stop the Resurrectionists, to defeat them once and for all\'97should we?\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94 asked Annabel. \'93Surely we should stop them if given the chance.\'94\
\'93Even if that means the city will be overrun by zombies with no hope of a cure?\'94 Roderick countered.\
\'93The Resurrectionists are not the only scientists in the world. If we can find someone who\'92s survived the Lazarus Virus\'97before they do\'97could we not find a cure on our own?\'94 she asked.\
\'93There are 
\i years\'92
\i0  worth of research in that laboratory,\'94 said Palmer. \'93Without that research, a cure could take years, decades even.\'94\
\'93Good then!\'94 Roderick exclaimed, \'93We have our answer. We\'92ll simply have to steal the research back.\'94\
Annabel sat upright and grinned. \'93Did someone say 
\i steal
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93Ah, yes,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Did I mention\'97Annabel is a cat burglar.\'94\
\'93Never liked that term. Hate cats. I like to call it what it is. I\'92m a thief.\'94 \
\'93Thief it is.\'94 Jonathan flashed a smile at her.\
\'93Speaking of thievery,\'94 she said, \'93something\'92s been bothering me. It was the Resurrectionists that put me up to robbing Connor\'92s safe. But we now know they already had access to the virus. Whatever they wanted me to steal from Connor, it was more than just the virus. When I mentioned the 
\i green liquid
\i0  I took from Connor\'92s safe, Dr. Jekyll told me that Francis Varney\'92s contribution to the 
\i Dead London Project 
\i0 was a means of distributing the virus. According to Dr. Jekyll, this green liquid, which contains the virus, is easily converted into gaseous form. Why did Lord Connor have Varney\'92s green liquid in his safe?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyes widened. He took something from his pocket, and showed it to Annabel. The scrap of paper with burnt edges. 
\i Lord Henry Connor is Francis Varney.
\i0 \
\'93That explains it. They had the virus; what they didn\'92t have was a means of distributing it. Connor had the solution. He must have suffered a change of heart; they killed him because he refused to hand over the virus, and when they couldn\'92t get into his safe, they contracted a thief,\'94 said Annabel. \'93God, I feel sick. I gave them everything they needed to spread the Lazarus Virus.\'94 She set aside her tea and got out of her seat. \'93Would you excuse me a moment, gentlemen? Parts to wind.\'94\
She crossed the large room, found herself a table and a mirror, far enough from Jonathan and Mr. Palmer that she could wind up her gears without interrupting their tea, but close enough that she could still follow the conversation.\
\'93So what now?\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We just head back to the theatre, break in, steal their research? Simple as that?\'94\
\'93Yes, well, if it\'92s not too much to ask, I\'92d like to stop at home first,\'94 said Roderick.\
Jonathan inclined his head, wondering if his friend had something up his sleeve.\
\'93I need to check on Bailey,\'94 Roderick explained. \'93Poor boy\'92s been home alone all day.\'94\
\'93
\i Then
\i0  we break in to the secret lab and steal the research?\'94 asked Annabel.\
\'93Unless I\'92ve missed something, there\'92s still one more piece of the puzzle,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We still need to find someone who\'92s been exposed to the virus and survived.\'94\
\'93About that\'85\'94 said Annabel. \'93There\'92s something I\'92ve been meaning to tell you.\'94\
\'93What? You?\'94 asked Jonathan. He stared at her in alarm.\
Annabel nodded. \'93I was exposed to the virus at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade. When I showed no symptoms, I began to think I\'92d managed to avoid inhaling the infectious gas, but now I\'92m not so sure. Then later, Dr. Jekyll gave me an injection, exposing me yet again to the virus. And still I have no symptoms.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s mouth hung open. Maybe she really was immune.\
Annabel finished winding her clockwork. She fit her prosthetic eye back into its socket with a click, and got up to rejoin them.\
\'93There\'92s something else you should know,\'94 she said, running a hand down the scar beneath her eye. \'93Connor wasn\'92t the first zombie I\'92ve encountered.\'94\
\'93I was called Annabel in those days,\'94 she continued. \'93I\'92ve had so many names since then it\'92s hard to keep track of them. I was still new to my profession. Until then I\'92d been picking pockets and stealing things that were of very little worth to anyone. That all changed when I met a man who wanted to steal something more valuable. His name\'97when I met him\'97was Jack Bernhardt. I had met him before, when I was just a little girl, and he had been kind to me. I began to see him more regularly, and he would occasionally buy me lunch. Sometimes, he would bring me a clean dress or a new hat. Simple enough presents that might not have meant much at all to an ordinary person, but I was a street girl. An orphan. To me, it meant the world. I came to think of him like an older brother. He looked out for me, and he asked nothing in return. So, when at last he did ask something of me, I jumped at the chance to repay him.\'94\
\'93What did he want you to steal?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Research,\'94 Annabel answered.\
\'93Why? What sort of research?\'94 asked Mr. Palmer.\
\'93Bernhardt was a doctor. A physician. Although he was somewhat of a Jack-of-all-trades\'97no pun intended. Eventually I learned that he had been conducting scientific experiments\'97of all sorts. He also enjoyed tinkering with rather whimsical inventions. Clockwork dolls and such things. He was something of a genius, and had apparently been a child prodigy, too. According to some of his friends, who I met through my association with him, he never spent a single day in school. I\'92m not sure if that\'92s true, but that\'92s what they said. He learned it all from books, and from his mentor. But his real talent was people. He understood people, was quick to recognize their talents and their weaknesses, and to apply their strengths to his own ends. He often collaborated with other scientists, or hired them to work on his projects. And when others refused to work for him, he would use me.\'94\
\'93He\'92d have you steal their research, you mean?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Annabel. \'93Anyway, on one particular mission, we were to travel from London all the way to the small island of Haiti. I travelled via dirigible, with Jack as my constant companion. I\'92d come to accept that he was an eccentric young man, but I hadn\'92t quite understood the extent of his eccentricities until we began to travel together. Throughout the duration of the journey, he had been toiling with one of his inventions: a pair of wings, which, when strapped to his back would apparently allow him to glide on the wind as if he were flying. He\'92d been collecting the feathers of crows throughout the journey, and I imagine he\'92d been collecting them long before then. Anyway, he\'92d been sewing the feathers to these artificial wings, bit by bit covering the leather and wooden contraption in black feathers, fashioning it into black Icarus wings.\
\'93Whatever his obsession with crows was, I can\'92t say, but his eccentricities had never bothered me. As I said, he\'92d been like a brother to me. I never questioned him. He was wealthy, but not excessively; the ship itself was perhaps the smallest dirigible I\'92d ever seen, barely big enough to fit the both of us, and it was not richly detailed or lushly decorated like this one. Of course, I was hardly one to complain, and at least my salary was fair.\
\'93Or so I thought before I knew exactly what the job would entail. At that point, I knew only the few details that Jack had provided. As I said, it was an expedition to Haiti. I knew that much. But I did not yet know about the 
\i Bokor
\i0 .\'94\
\'93The 
\i what
\i0 ?\'94 said Jonathan. He was sure he had heard the word before\'97Mr. Sinews had used it\'97but he couldn\'92t recall its precise meaning.\
\'93The 
\i Bokor
\i0 ,\'94 Annabel repeated. \'93It\'92s a vodou word. It means 
\i sorcerer
\i0 . I\'92m not sure I can explain it as precisely as Jack eventually did, but are you at all familiar with vodou?\'94\
Jonathan leaned forward. This was the second time he\'92d been asked that in the past few days, Parson Sinews having asked the same question. \'93I vaguely recall having once read an article from the Royal Geographical Society on the subject,\'94 said Jonathan, \'93But I can\'92t say I remember much about that. However, Parson Sinews mentioned that 
\i zombies
\i0  are supposedly made by vodou magic. By these vodou sorcerers.\'94\
Annabel nodded.\
\'93Practitioners of vodou believe in spirits called 
\i loa
\i0 . You might think of the loa as 
\i gods
\i0 . The 
\i bokor
\i0  is a servant of the loa, so in this way, he is like a priest. He does not practice 
\i magic. 
\i0 He serves the 
\i loa.\'94
\i0 \
\'93But not all 
\i loa
\i0  are kind, benevolent spirits, isn\'92t that right?\'94 asked Roderick.\
Jonathan raised an appraising eyebrow.\
Roderick shrugged. \'93I happen to read the Royal Geographical Society papers. Vodou has been a pet subject of mine, ever since our friend Sinews told me about Tidkins' interest in it.\'94\
Annabel nodded. \'93They say that a 
\i bokor
\i0  serves with both hands. On the one hand, the light\'97healing the sick, protecting the weak. On the other hand, the dark. A 
\i bokor
\i0  that embraces this sort of power is supposedly able to raise the dead.\'94\
Jonathan repeated those words, inflecting meaning into them. \'93Raise the dead, eh?\'94 he muttered.\
\'93Yes, precisely my point,\'94 said Annabel. \'93The 
\i bokor
\i0  that I was to steal from had apparently amassed quite the following, though his people also feared him. They called him Papa Doc because he was a healer. The light, on the one hand. On the other hand, he had been using his power as a political weapon, creating fear and propaganda. Even his own people feared him, and he slaughtered those who questioned him with uncompromising mercilessness. Jack estimated that Papa Doc had killed 
\i thousands.
\i0 \'94\
\'93Nice chap,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Yes, well, they made him president,\'94 she said.\
\'93So you were there to steal from the president of Haiti?\'94\
Annabel shook her head. \'93That was just a pretense. You see, while Jack had assured me that I was only there to 
\i steal
\i0  from Papa Doc, I later learned that I was expected to kill him.\'94\
\'93My god!\'94 Roderick exclaimed.\
Annabel continued. \'93The airship eventually touched down in Port-au-Prince. Jack must have been sweltering beneath his plague doctor\'92s mask, but he kept it strapped to his face without complaint. As we climbed down from the dirigible, I heard a woman\'92s voice. She wore a mask that was identical to the one that Jack wore. The mask of the Resurrectionists. Of course, I didn\'92t know what the mask meant at the time. My associates valued their anonymity even more than their comfort. She must have been sweating buckets beneath the leather mask. But in my business, discretion is the better part of valor. I assumed this was why she wore the mask. Now, I'm not so certain.\
\'93Jack introduced her as Dr. Mircalla Karnstein, which must have been a pseudonym, given that she was the daughter of a Frenchman and a native Haitian. I can\'92t think of a name that\'92s any 
\i less 
\i0 French than--\'93 She broke off, noticing the stunned expression on Jonathan\'92s face. \'93What is it?\'94\
\'93Nothing, it\'92s just that I met Miss Karnstein,\'94 Jonathan said, \'93at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade.\'94\
\'93She was there?\'94 Annabel asked, frowning.\
Jonathan nodded. \'93With Solomon Grundy,\'94 he said. \'93Sorry, please, continue.\'94\
Annabel returned to her story. \'93Dr. Karnstein\'92s English was heavily accented and at times difficult to understand, so the conversation was tedious, as neither Jack nor I spoke a word of French. Eventually, with the niceties out of the way, she took us to a steam-powered paddlewheel boat, which she\'92d hired to take us the rest of the way to what she explained was the small town where it had all begun and where Papa Doc kept his army of zombies.\'94\
\'93When you say 
\i zombies
\i0 \'97\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Annabel simply. \'93Just like the ones you and I have seen. The resurrected dead,\'94 said Annabel.\
\'93No wonder this Papa Doc was so feared,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93You have no idea,\'94 Annabel replied.}