{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Roderick hurriedly thrust a hat upon his head, grabbed his cane from the stand and stepped through the door, deaf to the cries of his friends. Not merely decorative, the cane was as a weapon. Even before the outbreak of the zombie virus, the city was a dangerous place to be without that most crucial accessory and a reasonable knowledge of the gentleman\'92s martial art, bartitsu. Roderick, being pragmatic, had also made a study of 
\i cannes de combat
\i0 . On the off chance that a blunt weapon would not suffice, the cane also contained a hidden sword. The curse of the artistically minded was a wandering mind that often allowed him to forget his street smarts. Thus he often left the house without his cane. Occasionally, without his shoes. Once, without his pants.\
Not this time.\
Cane in hand, hat on head, Roderick raced outside, calling Bailey\'92s name. London was silent, save for Annabel and Jonathan\'92s voices as they called for him to wait, to be reasonable. He held up a finger for silence and whirled about, listening for any sign of his furry companion. A single flickering street lamp cast long shadows onto the square brick buildings that lined the road. Dawn was beginning to break, a vermilion streak across the horizon. The slender sickle-like blade of a crescent moon still hung from the sky, but the fog devoured all light. It gave everything a yellowed appearance, like an aged photograph.\
\'93Bailey,\'94 he called again.\
A layer of fog drifted along the cobblestones. He heard a sound that might have been Bailey\'92s collar and spun in the direction of the sound. He saw only a chain attached to a locked gate, rattling in the wind.\
\'93Bailey, where have you gone, boy?\'94 he called out into the dark.\
\'93Roderick,\'94 called Jonathan. He stepped up behind Roderick and put a hand on his shoulder. \'93Come, let\'92s wait inside. Bailey knows the way home. It\'92s not safe out here.\'94\
Roderick shook his head. \'93I can\'92t leave him out here. I can\'92t. Just let me look a little while longer.\'94 He looked from left to right, desperate. \'93See, there are no zombies about. Why don\'92t you wait inside with Annabel?\'94\
Jonathan shook his head. \'93No, we\'92ll help you look,\'94 he said. \'93Are you armed?\'94\
Roderick showed him Mr. Hargrave\'92s Smith & Wesson revolver. \'93I took the liberty of borrowing some ammunition from your collection.\'94\
Jonathan turned to Annabel.\
She rolled her eyes\'97including her clockwork prosthesis\'97and held up a hunting rifle she\'92d pilfered from the 
\i Dreadful
\i0 . \'93What kind of question is that?\'94 she asked. \'93Have you 
\i met
\i0  me?\'94\
\'93Come on then,\'94 Jonathan said.\
Even the ground was rotten\'97fallen leaves, wet with rain, squelched under their feet as they hurried through the streets. Roderick was already losing Jonathan and Annabel.\
\'93Which way did he go?\'94 he wondered aloud. He slowed to let Annabel and Jonathan catch up.\
\'93Bailey!\'94 he called again.\
\'93Quiet,\'94 Annabel hissed. \'93Are you trying to wake the dead?\'94\
That expression took on new meaning. So far they\'92d been lucky not to run into any zombies in Roderick\'92s neighborhood, but the dead were around. They were everywhere, wandering like ghosts through the shadows. The inhuman sound of distant, hungry moaning had become a soundscape as constant as the striations of crickets in a cornfield, each voice blending with another. The sound was punctuated only by the occasional screams of the living as they either ran for cover or were eaten alive.\
But Roderick carried on, heedless of Annabel\'92s warning, abandoning caution and tearing down the street, his leather boots slapping against the stone street as loud as gunshots in the near-silence.\
He slowed to a halt. The street signs had dissolved into the amber fog. Jonathan and Annabel were distant silhouettes, their shadows bent into weird, elongated forms by the haze of smog.\
He stood, helpless, on the side of the street, arms wide, imploring, calling Bailey to him. Finally, a sound broke through the unnerving silence. The movement of feet. He followed the sound, in spite of the danger.\
He heard Annabel and Jonathan following, and threw caution to the wind. He stepped into the alley, chasing shadows into the darkness. His eyes still adjusting to the gloom, he made his way, blind, through the pitch black alley. The darkness was so absolute that he might as well have been blindfolded.\
The footsteps stopped, but he kept going, until he nearly walked straight into their source. A man stood there, almost indistinguishable in the darkness. His back was to Roderick, and in the darkness, he was more shadow than man. But perhaps he\'92d seen Bailey. Perhaps the inquisitive old boy had followed the man\'92s scent in search of a new playmate. Speaking of scent, even Roderick could have tracked this man by scent alone. He must have been living in this alleyway; even in the stench of London, the man\'92s smell was potent. He smelled sickly. Like walking death.\
Roderick felt a knot form in the pit of his stomach. An unsettling chill that came not from the night\'92s cold breeze, but from the fear that crept up his spine. Along with his fear came the near-certainty that this man was not living.\
\'93Sir,\'94 he said, desperation overcoming fear. \'93My dog,\'94 he pleaded. \'93Have you seen my dog? He must have come this way.\'94\
The man didn\'92t turn. Not right away. Just kept on chewing. He was eating something. Chewing it noisily. The scent of fresh meat penetrated even the homeless man\'92s own sour stench of sweat and rot.\
\'93Please,\'94 said Roderick. \'93My dog\'97\'94\
Finally, the man turned.\
His face was covered in blood and meat. Roderick could see that, even in the darkness. Blood and meat. His teeth, glistening, dark chunks of meat between his teeth. Chewing noisily upon gristle and flesh. In his hands, a ravaged handful of meat and wet fur.\
Roderick screamed. His vision swam as he blinked back tears and choked back the vomit that threatened to spill from his throat.\
\'93
\i Bailey
\i0 !\'94 he cried. \'93
\i Oh, god, Bailey!
\i0 \'94\
He turned and ran. It was all he could do. It was too late to save Bailey. It was too late.\
Behind him, the dead man shoveled mouthfuls of meat and fur into his mouth, and Roderick could still hear him chewing. It was deafening. He lost his footing, fell to the ground, headfirst. Slammed into the hard stone, but barely felt it. He scrambled to rise, but he hurt more than he realized. It was difficult to move.\
Suddenly, a gunshot rang out. The dead man fell to the floor. Roderick crawled to his feet. Before him, two shadows manifested before him. Neither of them were Jonathan or Annabel.\
\'93Give me the dog,\'94 said the smaller of the two figures.\
Even in the darkness, with the way the fog bent their shapes into long and twisted shadows, Roderick could see that the other man was a giant. An immovable mountain stood before him. The giant bent down to face the smaller man, and handed him 
\i the dog
\i0 .\
\'93Bailey?\'94 said Roderick, soliciting a whimper.\
He blinked in confusion and looked down at the fallen zombie, whose mouth was stained with blood and fur. Whatever he\'92d been eating, it wasn\'92t Bailey. 
\i Thank god
\i0 .\
\'93That\'92s my dog,\'94 he said. \'93Give me my dog.\'94\
\'93Come with us, Mr. Steen,\'94 said the smaller man. His voice was hoarse, ragged as if he\'92d been smoking all his life. \'93And we\'92ll see that your friend remains unharmed.\'94\
Relief turned to anger in an instant. \'93Who are you? What do you want with me?\'94\
\'93Forgive me,\'94 said the man with the coarse voice, \'93you\'92re quite right. Introductions are in order.\'94\
He stepped closer. Roderick strained his eyes to try to see him in the darkness. As he stepped through the thick layer of fog, Roderick began to make out his features. He was masked. He was a Resurrectionist.\
\'93My name is Dr. Jekyll,\'94 he said, his strained voice filtered through the mask. Roderick could see tubes sticking out the bottom of the plague mask, leading to a cyllindrical tank on wheels. Bailey squirmed in his arms, trying to wiggle free. \'93I believe we share a mutual acquaintance. Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
The giant stepped up beside Jekyll.\
\'93And this esteemed gentleman,\'94 the smaller man continued, \'93is Mr. Hyde.\'94\
Roderick drew his revolver. \'93Give me my dog,\'94 he said, pointing the gun at Dr. Jekyll.\
\'93Mr. Hyde, if you would be so kind\'85\'94 said Jekyll.\
The giant\'92s arm swung towards Roderick, flicking aside the gun as if it were a toy. Then he was seized roughly by Mr. Hyde\'92s enormous hands, and lifted up. The giant flung him over his shoulder, as if Roderick were some ragdoll to be tossed about. He held tight to his cane, unsheathing it even as the giant hauled him away.\
He swung the swordstick at Mr. Hyde\'92s back, but the giant gave a low grunt and put his arm up to stop him. His arm was like a brick wall, entirely unyielding.\
\'93No more of that, Mr. Steen,\'94 said Dr. Jekyll. \'93Do remember that I hold your dog\'92s life in my hand.\'94\
Roderick swallowed. He couldn\'92t allow them to take him. He had to keep fighting, even if it put Bailey\'92s life at risk. He tightened his grip on the swordstick, and this time, he swung it at Dr. Jekyll. He just managed to knick the doctor\'92s neck.\
Before he had a chance to strike again, he felt the giant cover his mouth with an old rag. He smelled ether.\
As his vision began to blur and his head began to ache, he heard Jonathan\'92s voice in the distance. He tried to call out to his friend, but his voice was barely a whisper. The cloth dropped from his face, but its work was already done. Roderick drifted to sleep.}