{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Let\'92s see the damage,\'94 said Jonathan.\
Annabel hadn\'92t been sure he\'92d seen the zombie biting into her arm. She\'92d hoped he hadn\'92t. Things would be so much simpler if he hadn\'92t. But now Jonathan was staring at her, waiting for her to roll up her sleeve. Skip and Abraham Palmer were crowded behind him, and even Roderick Steen had a crease across his brow, a line of worry.\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 Annabel said, pushing her way past all of them. Foolish creature had tried to bite her metal arm. There was really no cause for concern.\
She crossed the wide room, pausing to regain her balance as the airship hit a patch of turbulence, and took a seat at the bar. Doing her best to ignore the stares she could feel on the back of her head, she borrowed a rag from the barman and began to wipe down her crossbow. She had taken quite a liking to it. It was surprisingly light, a one-handed variation on the traditional crossbow, with a pistol-like grip, and was made of dark, polished wood. Much to her chagrin, it was already stained with blood. She scrubbed a bit harder to see if she could still get the blood out.\
\'93Let me see your arm,\'94 Jonathan persisted.\
She hadn\'92t even noticed him come up behind her and take a seat at her side. She swung around, glaring at him.\
\'93I said I\'92m fine.\'94\
\'93I must insist,\'94 Jonathan replied. He was looking at her with concern.\
Annabel swore.\
\'93You do realize that a bite from one of these creatures can be fatally infectious? If your skin is punctured\'85\'94 he continued.\
She looked up from her task. She\'92d borrowed a rag from the barman, and after wiping the blood from her face, was using it to clean her shoes. She fixed Jonathan with a deadly stare. \'93I\'92m. Fine.\'94\
Apparently not being one to back down, Jonathan ignored the warning in her voice. \'93We don\'92t know for certain that you\'92re immune,\'94 he said, concern written all over his face. \'93Please, don\'92t be stubborn.\'94\
\'93He\'92s right, you know,\'94 said Palmer.\
Annabel spun around in her chair to look at him. She noticed that Mr. Lockwood and Miss Hattori had disappeared, either to resume their duties with the ship\'92s operation or, possibly, to give Annabel a bit of space.\
\'93If you\'92ve been bitten, and if you\'92ve been infected, it\'92s possible we can still stop the infection from spreading if we amputate,\'94 Palmer continued.\
Finally, Annabel relented. She began by peeling off her glove. \'93Little late for that,\'94 she said.\
\'93It may very well be,\'94 said Jonathan, managing to sound both sarcastic and concerned for her welfare.\
Then he caught sight of her hand and fell silent.\
Jonathan was staring at her in silence, her reluctance to allow him to examine her arm now made clear. As she\'92d said, it was too late to amputate.\
She drew back her sleeve, revealing her prosthetic arm. Like the clockwork eye she strapped to her face each morning, it was made of mechanical parts. Gears which clicked as she rotated her forearm, pneumatic devices which hissed quietly as she flexed her artificial muscles. Gears clicked softly with the steady rhythm of a pocket watch each time she rotated her wrist.\
It was made of copper and brass, with the same extraordinary workmanship as her mechanical eye. Her arm moved with quiet motion, even as the gears whirred and clicked rhythmically. She demonstrated the dexterity in her hand by flexing each of her fingers in turn, clenching her hand into a fist and opening it again.\
\'93See,\'94 she said, \'93No bite marks.\'94\
In awe, Jonathan reached out a hand to touch her arm.\
\'93Don\'92t,\'94 she warned him.\
He retracted his hand.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 he said. \'93It\'92s just\'85\'94\
\'93What?\'94 she said, covering up her arm again with her sleeve. \'93Freakish? Inhuman?\'94\
\'93Fascinating,\'94 he murmured. He was looking at her in a way that she found unsettling. Unsettling in that it was sincere, honest, and\'97dare she think it\'97affectionate. She frowned, uncomfortable under his scrutiny. This was why she kept hidden beneath her sleeve.\
\'93I don\'92t find you freakish in the least,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93I think you're extraordinary.\'94\
Annabel snorted.\
\'93I hate to interrupt this rather tender moment,\'94 said Roderick, clapping his hands together, \'93but seeing as you\'92re not infected, we do have a heist to plan.\'94\
\'93How hard can it be?\'94 asked Annabel with a smirk. \'93We simply sneak into the Resurrectionists\'92 secret hideout, find and assassinate Anthony Tidkins, break into the underground facility and walk out with their research, right under their noses.\'94\
\'93Well, when you put it that way\'85\'94 said Roderick.\
\'93There\'92s one other detail,\'94 said Palmer.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Jonathan agreed.\
Annabel looked to the older gentleman for an explanation.\
\'93Mrs. Grimmer is still with the Resurrectionists,\'94 Palmer explained. \'93We can only hope that they are still convinced she is loyal to their cause, but it\'92s possible I may have put her in danger by betraying them by helping you escape.\'94\
\'93Either way, we need to find her and get her out of there,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Any idea where she\'92ll be?\'94 asked Annabel. \'93Are we even sure they\'92ll still be in the laboratory? Wouldn\'92t they be smarter to get out of the city?\'94\
\'93They certainly won\'92t stick around forever,\'94 Palmer answered, \'93Which is why we\'92ll need to act quickly. I had copies of the building plans in my office, including the layout of the facility, with each of its points of access. I helped Charles Grimmer come up with the plan to build the facility. Unfortunately, I didn\'92t have a chance to take the plans with me.\'94\
\'93Do you think you could make a sketch?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
\'93The details are etched quite firmly in my memory,\'94 Palmer answered. \'93Just give me an hour or so to put it down on paper.\'94}