{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Kick the crossbow over here,\'94 he said.\
She did as she asked without arguing.\
\'93And your other guns,\'94 he said, gesturing meaningfully at the pistols in her belt.\
She did as he asked. Tense silence followed, as he continued to point his gun at her. She wondered if this was how she was going to die. After all the zombies she\'92d encountered, the thought that she\'92d be killed by a living, breathing human being seemed a cruel twist of fate.\
\'93Why?\'94 she wanted to know.\
He shrugged.\
\'93At first, I really was loyal to Charles Grimmer and his secret society. I truly believed we could fight back against the Resurrectionists from the inside, as did Mrs. Grimmer. But we were too late. I\'92m simply trying to be realistic, as we should have done from the onset. Much as I\'92d love to see them pay for what they\'92ve done, we 
\i need
\i0  them. I truly believe they are our best chance.\'94\
\'93You saved my life,\'94 she said. \'93You helped me get out of this place. You shot at your fellow Resurrectionists. You took a bullet for me!\'94\
\'93Yes, well, 
\i that
\i0  wasn\'92t the plan,\'94 he admitted. \'93And I only helped you to keep Jonathan from getting caught up in all this. Whatever you may think of me, you should know that I never meant for Jonathan to get hurt.\'94\
\'93So what happens now? Are you going to kill me?\'94\
\'93Guess we\'92ll see what Anthony Tidkins wants to do with you. Maybe he\'92ll want to ship you off to Chateau D\'92If to join Mr. Sinews.\'94\
}