{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Wincing in pain, he struck at his gun arm. The weapon flew from his hand. He watched as it slid along the floor, well out of reach. He slammed his knee into Mr. Palmer\'92s gut. He doubled over, but he wasn\'92t finished with him yet. He followed up with an uppercut to his jaw with his right arm, knocking a tooth loose.\
He spat blood onto the floor and retaliated with a right hook, catching him off guard. He hit his cheek, and he staggered back. Even as he was struggling to regain his balance, he hit him again, this time square in the eye. He hit him again, each blow more brutal than the last. He fell to the floor.\
He watched as he turned away from him, slowly, confidently making his way to the gun. He crawled to his feet. The scientists, recognizing that the tables had turned, had retrieved their weapons, and had them pointed at Jonathan. Dr. Jekyll, fortunately, was unarmed, and was preoccupied with breathing through his oxygen tank. Palmer was headed over to grab his gun.\
\'93I\'92m not finished with you yet,\'94 he told him.\
He paused, turned around, and scoffed at him. His lip was bloody, his eye was swollen. He looked like he could barely stand upright. He turned away, again going for the gun.\
Sizing up the scientists whose guns were trained on him, he slowly backed towards the door.\
\'93Stop!\'94 they warned him, but he kept backing up, until he had reached the door. Still, they didn\'92t shoot. Finally, he turned around and dashed through the door. As he did, they began to fire, but he was through the door before they began firing.\
He ducked into the hallway. They ceased fire, and Jonathan took a moment to wipe the blood from his nose. He listened as a set of footsteps made their way to the door. A moment later, Palmer strode through the door, gun pointed. Jonathan was waiting.\
He grabbed Palmer\'92s wrist, twisted it until he was forced to drop it. He cried out in surprise. He must have been expecting him to run. He probably thought he\'92d be able to shoot him in the back while he was running away. But Jonathan wasn\'92t interested in running away.\
He leveled a kick at Palmer\'92s shin, making him cry out in pain. He thought he heard the crunch of bone. He hoped she\'92d broken something.\
Palmer limped, grasping his leg, and tried to retreat into the lab. Jonathan attacked while his back was turned, this time kicking him hard in the soft spot behind the knee. He hit the ground hard and landed on his knee. Jonathan gave him a hard shove on the back, and Palmer fell flat on his face.\
He grabbed the gun, relieved to feel it in his hand.\
He stood up, aimed the gun at the back of Palmer\'92s skull, and cocked the pistol. But before he could pull the trigger, he heard a voice from behind him, muffled by a Resurrectionist\'92s mask.\
In the heat of the moment, she\'92d almost forgotten where he was. He should have been on the lookout for more Resurrectionists. He kept his foot on Palmer\'92s back to keep him pinned to the floor, and looked over his shoulder. He felt his heart leap up into his throat.\
How he\'92d crept up on him so silently, he hadn\'92t the slightest idea, but he recognized him immediately.\
His mask was strapped to his head, but he\'92d pulled it up so that it sat atop his forehead instead of on his face. It was 
\i him
\i0 . Anthony Tidkins. The Resurrection Man. Scientist, leader of the Resurrectionists. The man who destroyed London.\
\'93Jack,\'94 he breathed.}