{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 As the zombies flooded into the hallway, Jonathan quickly gave up trying to take them down with his pistol. He didn\'92t have enough bullets for all of them, even if he was careful with his aim and fired only at their heads. The sound of gunfire reverberated long after the shots were fired. Bodies littered the floor, but the dead kept coming, slow but tireless. Jonathan thrust his pistol into his pocket and turned back the other way.\
He spared little thought for Parson Sinews. Hopefully he\'92d made it out alive, and hopefully Miss Karnstein had been trampled by the dead. There was no time to give it further thought. The zombie horde was at his back. If he slowed for even a second, they\'92d be on him like vultures.\
He turned at the end of the hallway, lost now without Palmer to guide him. He thought he was headed back in the direction of the laboratory where he\'92d left Dr. Jekyll, but he couldn\'92t be sure. For all he knew, he was headed towards a dead end. He cast a look over his shoulder. He could hear the zombies even before they rounded the corner after him. Their unearthly voices echoed in the narrow corridor. He could hear their shuffling feet. And he could smell them. Could he ever smell them. The stench of decaying flesh permeated the subterranean labyrinth like a thousand dead rats left rotting in the gutters.\
His every footstep slapped against the concrete floor and echoed along the brick walls, announcing his location to the horde. They hounded him around every corner, and even when he was sure he\'92d lost them, he could still hear them, still 
\i smell 
\i0 them. Sound traveled strangely down the halls, so he was never sure exactly where they were. At each corner, he half expected to find that he\'92d wandered in a circle, straight back into them.\
He rounded the next corner. Instead of the hungry dead, he found Annabel. She wasn\'92t alone. In front of her, Jonathan could see two Resurrectionists. The first, recognizable even in his plague doctor\'92s mask, was the giant, Mr. Hyde, the man who\'92d taken Roderick. The second was Anthony Tidkins, the Resurrection Man himself.\
They didn\'92t even notice Jonathan as he approached, and after a moment, it became obvious why. Annabel had her crossbow in one hand, her derringer in the other. Her gun hand was pointed straight at Anthony Tidkins\'92 face. The Resurrection Man raised his hands to show that he was unarmed. Hyde moved to intervene, but Tidkins stopped him with a gesture. Perhaps he believed Annabel wouldn\'92t shoot him. Jonathan knew they had history together, but wasn\'92t so confident. This was Annabel, after all. Shoot first and ask questions later Annabel.\
Jonathan froze. His hands tightened into fists. His blood was still hot from killing Solomon Grundy, and from watching Palmer choke on his own blood as he died. Two of three men responsible for Thomas Grimmer\'92s death lay dead. Before him stood the third. In a matter of moments, he too would be dead, either by Annabel\'92s hand or by his own.\
Jonathan crept forward in search of a better vantage point. When he was close enough to hit Tidkins without risking killing Annabel, he drew his gun. He hesitated to pull the trigger. He wanted to see Tidkins dead, but after hearing Annabel\'92s story, he knew she deserved her revenge every bit as much as he did. She\'92d thought of him as a brother, and in return he\'92d sent her to Haiti to be dismembered and eaten alive by the living dead. Jonathan could only imagine what that would be like. So he stood by and let Annabel have her moment.\
Instead, to his amazement, she lowered her derringer.\
\'93I\'85\'94 she said, sounding as if she was just as surprised herself. \'93\'85I 
\i can\'92t
\i0 .\'94\
As she lowered her weapon, Tidkins lowered his arms and smiled. It was the smile that did it. Blood boiling, Jonathan stepped out of the shadows and pulled the trigger. The gunshot rang out in the narrow corridor, deafening and explosive. Tidkins\'92 skull erupted in a spray of blood.\
Annabel screamed.\
Tidkins\'92 blood spattered against the wall. His eyes and mouth were wide with surprise. A gaping hole through his left cheek.\
Annabel stared at her gun and blinked in confusion.\
\'93I didn\'92t\'85\'94 she gaped, \'93I didn\'92t pull the trigger.\'94\
She spun around, looking for the shooter, and found Jonathan staring back at her, gun still smoking.}