{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93How did you manage to get the door open?\'94 Jonathan asked, as he pushed back against the door. The dead had their fingers lodged in the doorway, and he had to inch back to avoid letting them grab him.\
\'93I 
\i didn\'92t
\i0 ,\'94 she answered. \'93Someone opened it.\'94\
Jonathan looked over his shoulder. There was no one else in the room.\
\'93Who?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 she replied, pressing her back against the door. \'93This is going to sound crazy, impossible even\'85\'94\
\'93We\'92re about to be eaten alive by a bunch of dead people in a secret lab beneath the basement of a theater. At this point, I\'92m ready to believe just about anything.\'94\
\'93I think it was your father,\'94 Annabel answered.\
\'93My father\'92s dead,\'94 Jonathan answered.\
Annabel stared hard at him. \'93I know,\'94 she said. "I told you it was going to sound crazy."\
The door shuddered again.\
\'93He was butchered. They cut his body into pieces and stuffed a gramophone in his mouth, Annabel. Whoever you saw, it wasn\'92t my father.\'94\
Annabel nodded. \'93It doesn\'92t matter. They\'92re going to get in, and soon.\'94\
She was right. Jonathan cast about for something he could use as a weapon. Something heavy and blunt, like a wrench, or something sharp. He didn\'92t have to look long. The room was filled with deadly objects. His eyes settled on a long, jagged knife of surgical steel.\
\'93Hold the door,\'94 he said, and hurried over to grab it.\
He heard the shudder of the door easing open another inch. He snatched the knife off the table and grabbed another that lay beside it. He rejoined Annabel at the door, as she reached down to draw the derringer from her ankle strap.\
\'93I think it\'92s time you started carrying a bigger gun,\'94 he said. \'93If I remember correctly, that one only fires one bullet at a time.\'94\
\'93This one was meant for Anthony Tidkins. I wasn\'92t really prepared for zombies. Hand me one of those blades, would you?\'94\
He handed her one, which she tucked into her belt. She drew a handful of bullets from her pouch. Then the door burst open, and all hell broke loose. It was impossible to count all the zombies that suddenly flooded into the room. They crammed into the wide doorway three at a time and spread into the room. Jonathan and Annabel backed up. Annabel fired the derringer, flicked open the chamber, and reloaded it in one expertly quick motion. She fired again, reloaded, and didn\'92t let up until she was out of bullets.\
Jonathan stepped forward, surgical steel flashing in the light of the flickering gas lamps. Dripping sweat, he grabbed the nearest cold body by the back of the head and jammed the knife into its eye. With a 
\i slurp 
\i0 like slicing open a watermelon, he slid the knife free. It tore against rotten flesh and bone, gore dripping from the shining instrument.\
Cold surgical steel sliced into rotten flesh, cutting through gristle and tendons as easily as carving a roast. His heart was racing, pounding madly in his chest, but he wasn\'92t afraid. He was reminded of Africa, of the terror of battle. How he\'92d frozen in fear as the enemy drove a spear through the heart of his fellow soldier. He wasn\'92t afraid to die; he was afraid to kill. There was none of that now. These men were already dead.\
Grinning madly, he flicked his wrist and carved a piece out of any zombie that dared get in his way. Beside him, Annabel drew the surgical blade from her belt and carved through the throng with her blade.\
Still, they poured into the room, climbing over the fallen until a pile of bodies lay blocking the doorway. Jonathan bobbed and weaved around them with the skill of a boxer, until the room was a mess of blood and sweat and rotten flesh.\
They were covered in blood, Annabel\'92s white pants stained a deep, dark red.\
"Should have worn red," she muttered.\
Slabs of rotting meat piled up in the doorway, but still, they pressed forward. Jonathan tried to get a count, but it was impossible to gauge how many there were with the door half-closed and their grunting, snarling faces so close to his own.\
He planted a firm kick at one that had gotten too close for comfort, sending him sprawling backwards, but another one took its place. Intestines dangling, utterly naked, with blood in her blond hair, the zombie snapped her teeth, inches from Jonathan\'92s neck. He thrust his blade into the woman\'92s skull, heard the crunch of bone and brain, and moved on.\
Killing the zombies was simple enough, now that he had the hang of it. He only had to destroy the brain. Any other wound would not suffice. Destroy the brain, and the body would go limp and cease attacking.\
Easier said than done. Jonathan grabbed the hilt of her blade, pulled it from the skull of his latest kill, and went for the next one. His blade caught the creature beneath its jaw, aimed upward into the brain. The dead man went limp. Again, he set his sights on another that had gotten too close, pulled the blade from the man\'92s jaw.\
He heard Annabel cry out as two zombies grabbed her at once, one of them by the hair, the other by her mechanical arm. Her blade clattered to the floor and disappeared as the zombies climbed over it. Another set of hands seized her as she fought to fend them off. He saw her disappear beneath a tidal wave of zombies, and he froze.\
Suddenly, Jonathan\'92s bloodlust turned to cold fear. It was the Battle of Yemoja River all over again. His fellow soldier being killed while Jonathan watched and did nothing.\
\'93Help me!\'94\
Jonathan heard the soldier\'92s voice, raised his rifle, aimed it at the enemy soldier, and froze. A spear grew out of his comrade\'92s gut, and blood spilled from the man\'92s mouth. Finally, Jonathan pulled the trigger. Too late. The soldier was dead. A moment later, Jonathan was seized from behind. Teeth sunk painfully into his shoulder. He turned and shoved the man who\'92d bit him away, then watched as the man got up and came at him again. He fired his rifle, hitting the enemy soldier in the shoulder. He kept coming, undeterred by the bullet wound, and Jonathan shot him again. The pain in his shoulder swelled, and he blacked out. When he came to, he was in the infirmary, surrounded by the stench of the sick and wounded.\
\'93Help me!\'94 the soldier cried again, this time with Annabel\'92s voice. Jonathan shook his head violently, dispelling the vision. Around him, the bodies of a dozen zombies littered the floor. Zombies writhed on the operating tables, strapped down but still moving. He could hear Annabel still fighting somewhere nearby, where he\'92d seen her go down. She was still alive. It wasn\'92t too late to save her.\
He snapped into action, tightening his grip on the surgical blade. He shoved away the nearest zombie and climbed up onto one of the operating tables. With the quick thrust of his blade, he stopped the creature on the table from writhing, and pulled the blade free. Brain matter clung to the surgical blade. He wiped it on his shirt, and leapt to the next table, kicking away the zombies as they reached for him. He shoved the blade into the ear canal of the one on the operating table. He heard the disturbing squelch of rotten meat. Again, he pulled the blade free, and jumped down from the table.\
They had Annabel by the hair, long strands of blood-slick red hair caught in her face. Her shirt was ripped, their grimy fingers dug into the bare skin of her arm. They set their gruesome fingers on her cheeks and on her neck.\
Jonathan fought his way towards her, shoving the dead out of his way as quickly as he could manage, jamming the knife into their skulls with the sharp blade. Annabel raised her left arm\'97her good arm. It was all she could do to keep them from tearing out her throat with their teeth. Her mechanical arm was dead weight; its gears were clogged with gore.\
Jonathan was nearly there. He felt cold hands seize him by the ankles, and whirled around with his blade. He thrust the blade into its eye. It slumped to the floor in a pool of dark, syrupy blood. He pressed on.\
Finally, he reached Annabel. He seized one of the zombies by the shoulder and hauled it roughly backward. The creature tripped over its own feet and fell to the ground. Jonathan slammed his boot down on its head, ripping off a few layers of rotten skin and taking the creature\'92s jaw with it. Still alive, it grabbed Jonathan by the ankle. He reached down and drove the blade into its brain through the gaping hole where its mouth used to be. Its grip loosened.\
He turned back to Annabel, and watched, horrified, as one of the dead men\'92s jaws closed around her arm.\
She screamed as the vile creature clamped down until his rotten teeth ripped through the fabric of her shirt and bit into her arm.\
\'93Shit,\'94 Jonathan swore.\
He pried the cold hands off of her, and she dealt with the one on her arm, bashing him in the skull with her own, until his brittle bones caved in, and he stumbled back. Clutching her wounded arm, she broke his ankle with a sharp kick, and he fell to the ground. With a cry of rage and adrenaline, she stomped on his skull with her boot, killing him.\
Panting with exhaustion, her face and hair slick with cold, resinous blood, she turned to Jonathan. She offered him a smile. \'93What took you so long?\'94\
Jonathan whirled on the nearest zombie, driving his blade into its skull, and helped Annabel climb onto the operating table. They were safer on higher ground. Easier to reach the zombies\'92 skulls.\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said, looking at Annabel even as he seized a dead man by the hair and thrust the surgical knife upward, beneath the jaw. \'93I tried to get to you.\'94\
\'93I know,\'94 she said, \'93it\'92s not your fault.\'94\
\'93You\'92ve been bitten.\'94 It wasn\'92t a question. He\'92d seen the creature\'92s teeth dig into her skin.\
Annabel nodded. She kicked away at the grasping hands of a zombie, driving the creature back. The zombies numbers were dwindling. They\'92d survived the worst of the fight.\
\'93We should amputate,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Remember, Palmer said that might stop the virus from spreading.\'94\
\'93There\'92s no way in hell you\'92re taking my other arm,\'94 Annabel replied. \'93Besides, I might 
\i actually
\i0  be immune, remember? We\'92ll have to wait and see what happens. Kill me if I turn zombie, but you\'92re not taking my damn arm.\'94\
\'93All right, all right. We won\'92t take your arm. I\'92m just\'85I\'92m glad you\'92re alive.\'94\
\'93Thanks to you,\'94 she said, to Jonathan\'92s surprise. \'93They nearly had me, you know. I believe you saved me, Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
\'93Did I?\'94\
Annabel nodded. She jumped down from the operating table in order to retrieve her fallen blade. She whirled, slicing the head right off of a zombie whose teeth were just inches from Jonathan's ankles.\
\'93I guess I did,\'94 said Jonathan, raising an eyebrow appraisingly.\
\'93Don\'92t let it go to your head.\'94 Annabel stooped over to drive the blade into the zombie\'92s disembodied head. \'93There. Now we\'92re even.\'94}