{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annabel stumbled onto the street, gasping for air. She didn\'92t know if she\'92d inhaled whatever vapors had been released into the air, but she might have. She had a strange taste in her mouth and the smell of death still lingered. She felt disoriented. She heard a rumbling sound from above and looked up to see Mr. O\'92s airship pulling away from the window. She felt a breath of relief to know that he\'92d made it out.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 She took a moment to catch her breath while she gazed up at the airship. Most people couldn\'92t have read the name printed on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E425315A-3EBC-410C-9C56-6E4DB57FE354"}}{\fldrslt airship\'92s blimp}} from this distance. \cb2 But {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D172EFC0-D014-4D9D-923F-E7EC696E60F4"}}{\fldrslt \cb1 the concealed poison darts were not the only advantage of her mechanical eye.}}\cb1  From inside the house, she hadn\'92t been able to see it, but as she reached up to adjust the focus on her lens, she could now make out the lettering 
\i Grimmer and Sons Publishing Inc
\i0 . on the side of the blimp. She wondered what Mr. O\'92s connection to the Grimmers might be. He might be an employee, a journalist, or perhaps an editor. It was even possible that he was Jonathan Grimmer, the very man whose invitation she\'92d swiped on her way into the masquerade. She couldn\'92t be certain. Either way, she now had a trail leading back to him.\
She glanced back at the house. Through the open front door, she could see men and women writhing on the floor, succumbing to fits, drool escaping their lips. Amid the chaos, the crow-faced men wandered the crowd, unaffected by the deadly gas.\
She swore. She\'92d been in dangerous spots before, but very few like this. She\'92d barely gotten out of there {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D743A460-A55F-4F38-90D3-6FE3E781DFC8"}}{\fldrslt alive}}. She knew the dangers. She knew the risks. The truth was, it was danger she enjoyed most about her work. Her associates were criminals, and if she was being honest, she was one herself. But suddenly it had ceased being fun. Suddenly it was real. It was visceral. The most frustrating thing was {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3476761C-8323-42D5-8372-BBF6C9C6B4F1"}}{\fldrslt how helpless she felt just now}}. She hadn\'92t felt that in a long time. Not since the day her eye was plucked out.\
She wanted to go back in there, stab each and every one of those bastards in the guts for this. But she couldn\'92t even breathe the air inside the mansion, and she was outnumbered and outgunned. All she could do was watch in horror as wealthy gentlemen and high society ladies collapsed, coughing and hacking until their lungs gave in and their faces turned purple. She ought to do as they said and just walk away, leave this place. Or at least summon a policeman; but really, what good could the police do now? The poison was spreading throughout the house, and the police would be ill equipped to deal with it. Besides, Annabel couldn\'92t recall a time when she\'92d ever done what she ought to do.\
She distanced herself from the entrance of the house, circling around to the west wing, where she could see inside through one of the house\'92s grand windows. She could still hear screaming from inside the mansion, as the Resurrectionists paced around the halls, spreading fumes{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://105BE008-477A-4001-AEC9-CD0B0D11262A"}}{\fldrslt . The fog was so thick, she could see it through the curtains, drifting throughout the house.}} She cast about for any sign of other survivors, but she was alone.\
She couldn\'92t imagine why the Resurrectionists were {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://053111C7-B944-4514-ABA2-020B9101F8E1"}}{\fldrslt doing this}}. Why had they felt it necessary to put a gun to her back, when she\'92d been planning to sell the stolen goods anyway. It wasn\'92t as if money was an issue; they\'92d offered to pay her. And why the toxic gas? Were they merely covering their tracks, eliminating witnesses? Was it even related to the envelope she\'92d taken from Connor? She felt sick, for whatever part she\'92d played in this. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BD6D9BD1-7221-45B7-9B80-7F5153C2DE84"}}{\fldrslt If she\'92d only known who her buyers were\'85from now on, she wanted to know who she was working for, damn the consequences.}}\
The question still remained, what now? Her lungs burned, and she strained just to breathe, even now with fresh air all around her. Had she breathed in those toxic fumes? She couldn\'92t be certain. But her head ached. It was hard to think; to go to the police and summon help, or to linger here, watching through the windows in the hopes that she might get some chance to sate her thirst for bloody vengeance. The longer she waited, the more evident it became that she\'92d already made up her mind.\
She continued to circle around the mansion, until she found herself amongst tall {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://68ADF4DF-D63E-4116-81BF-636C4B8BC88D"}}{\fldrslt rhododendrons, lilies and hibiscus. Rose bushes and ferns}}. A tall statue, a fountain. It was too dark to make out the details, but the flickering lights from nearby windows cast shadows across a stone walkway that led through the lush rear garden behind Connor\'92s enormous house.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://450302F0-7EBE-4B1D-A68C-83339F81DFF8"}}{\fldrslt The screams from within the house began to subside}}, and the night grew disturbingly quiet. Those who might have escaped had already done so; by now the rest had succumbed to the poisoned air and either lost consciousness, or died. Annabel was not sure of any other of the poison\'92s effects, but was comforted that she had not inhaled enough gas to be so afflicted as those inside.\
She wondered how many had gotten out, and was surprised to realize that she was grateful that Mr. O was among their numbers. He proven useful, so that might account for the sentiment. He was a witness; it would be more prudent to wish him dead, but she just couldn\'92t bring herself to that. For the second time that night, she wished she could be just a bit more ruthless.\
As she crept forward, keeping close to the walls of the house, she {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6AA29085-6A80-4504-AB26-768B411BA8A5"}}{\fldrslt wondered}} if anyone had gone to the police, if not a survivor of the poison gas then perhaps a neighbor, having heard the screams. She didn\'92t want to be here when the police arrived. But she did want to see what was going on inside, and \cb3 she couldn\'92t see the ballroom from the windows on this side of the hous\cb1 e. There was the balcony nearby. She would get a clear view inside if she could climb up there somehow, if she could find a ladder or just a foothold in the brickwork of the house.\
Before she had a chance to search for one, a loud crash came from nearby. Glass shattered from one of the bedroom windows upstairs, and with an inhuman roar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3FC3F13D-D8FD-41CB-A73B-D45E8610FC56"}}{\fldrslt something tumbled out of the house}}. A blur of shadow, it landed hard on the ground below. It stopped moving. Heart pounding, she knew she ought to run now. Every instinct, every nerve in her body was telling her to 
\i run, just run! 
\i0 Instead she ignored her racing heartbeat and crept through the garden towards it, looking between the dark shape on the ground and the shattered glass of the window above. \
\'93That was quick,\'94 said a muffled voice. The sound originated from the broken window.\
\'93Incubation period varies,\'94 said another voice from above. She spotted the first now, sticking his head between the broken glass and looking down. She kept low to the ground, out of sight in the thick shadows of the garden. \'93Some turn almost instantly. Others take minutes, hours even. Nobody\'92s really sure why.\'94\
Annabel looked back at the shape on the ground. It was moving again, getting up. She could see broken limbs now that she was closer. It was a man. A gentleman, perhaps, but there was nothing gentle about him now. His clothes were in tatters, his hat missing from his head. And though his bones were broken, his form twisted so unnaturally he {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F4FA1E7A-3E10-4242-B03A-1B2290E9E3CB"}}{\fldrslt hardly}} looked human, he didn\'92t seem to notice the state he was in. He looked at Annabel, sniffing the air and staring at her with hunger in his eyes. The same way Lord Connor had looked at her. She {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DCB2C16B-9C65-4E04-9829-C98CE01C37B9"}}{\fldrslt \cb3 reached}} for her gun, ready to shoot if he came at her. But she kept still and watched, knowing she would give away her position if she fired. She tried to quiet her breathing, and kept statue-still.\
Suddenly, the man charged. She \cb3 whipped out her revolver\cb1 , but before she could get her finger on the trigger, a gunshot rang out. The man fell to the ground, a hole punched straight through his head.\
\'93Nice shot,\'94 said a muffled voice from the window.\
Annabel spun around. . The men in the plague doctor masks still had not seen her. They were looking out the window, but their focus was on the man they\'92d just shot. They were probably making sure he wasn\'92t going to get up again. So Annabel took her time, aimed, and pulled the trigger. She hit the first of them. He dropped, right through the window he was leaning out of and landed in the rose bushes below.\
The second man yelped in surprise and drew his own weapon. He managed to fire two shots before Annabel could reload her single-shot derringer, but her aim was better than his. One shot to the forehead and he fell to the floor. She holstered her derringer and crossed the walkway to the rose bushes where the first of them had fallen. He was groaning; good. She wanted him alive. But he was reaching for something, a gun maybe.\
She stepped closer, seized his hand before he reached it, and looked into his eyes.\
\'93Who do you work for?\'94 she asked. Her tone was calm, and her face was impassive. Inside she was shaking, but she gave no outward signs that she was frightened. It was time to be ruthless.\
He shook his head and coughed. Annabel frowned at him. Well, there were ways of making people talk, weren\'92t there? His vest was wet with blood, a hole ripped through it where she\'92d hit him. She reached out and with a gloved hand, thrust her fingers into his wound. He screamed, but she didn\'92t let up. She just kept digging her fingers into his chest until sweat dripped down his brow. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D8C05833-DBF6-4B6B-9556-E4BFB43A2824"}}{\fldrslt It was a bit disturbing, feeling her fingers inside his wound, but what disturbed her most was that on some level, she felt deep satisfaction. 
\i How\'92s this for ruthless, 
\i0 she thought}}.\
He muttered something.\
She withdrew her hand, peeled the straps off his mask, and revealed his face. She was surprised to see how young he was. Nineteen, perhaps, barely an adult. For a moment, she felt a horrible sense of guilt. He was about to die, and she was literally torturing
\i  
\i0 him. Then she remembered who he was, and thought of the piles of corpses that now lined the halls. She leaned in close to his face so she could hear what he had to say.\
\'93Resurrectionists,\'94 he coughed.\
She narrowed her eyes. She'd suspected {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://74F224C8-ADDC-486C-A9BA-2F1CB6965CC9"}}{\fldrslt as}} much, but this confirmed it.\
\'93What was in the vial?\'94 she demanded. \'93Some sort of poison?\'94\
For a moment it looked like he might not answer. Stubborn, even now, as he lay dying on the rose bush. But then, he coughed up a bit of blood, and looked up into Annabel\'92s eyes. He was almost smiling when he answered, \'93
\i Lazarus
\i0 .\'94\
\'93What is Lazarus?\'94\
\'93Virus,\'94 he said.\
Annabel nodded. This filled in one piece of the puzzle. The man who\'92d tumbled out of the window after inhaling this 
\i Lazarus
\i0  virus had been afflicted with the same thing as Connor. And if the virus could be spread by poison gas, it was possible Connor had been infected deliberately. She thought of what Mr. O had said about Lord Connor; he had dangerous friends. Was it possible that Connor\'92s 
\i friends
\i0  were the ones who infected him?\
She stood up, fishing around in her pockets for another bullet. Finding one, she reloaded her derringer one last time, put a bullet between the man's eyes,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8CBD7E12-20DF-4429-AB2B-54804FC70764"}}{\fldrslt  and walked away.}} She would love to linger and shoot every last one of these damned Resurrectionists one by one, but the police would be coming soon\'97and she only had so many bullets.\
}