{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li2161\fi-1802\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strike \strikec0 Thursday	-  Chapter 20 (start Chapter 21)\strike0\striked0 \
\
\strike \strikec0 Friday		-  Chapter 21 (possible overflow into Chapter 22) - Roderick brings Annabel and Jonathan back to his home. They finish their conversation about Palmer, Annabel reveals her story, and they realize that Annabel may be immune, just like Jonathan.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li2161\fi-7\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 - They come up with a plan to steal the Resurrectionists' research.\
- 
\i R\'e9my arrives at the door
\i0 , and Roderick lets Bailey outside for a pee. Bailey takes off,\
- Roderick goes after Bailey.  (note: Palmer is still aboard the 
\i Dreadful
\i0 , needs to be written out of these scenes)\strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li2161\fi-1802\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\strike \strikec0 Saturday		- Chapter 22 (possibly start Chapter 23 & 24)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li2161\fi-7\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 - They come up with a plan to steal the Resurrectionists' research.\
- Roderick goes after Bailey.\
- Roderick runs after Bailey, finds a zombie eating a squirrel, thinks it's Bailey at first. Mr. Hyde shows up, takes Roderick. (note: Palmer is still aboard the 
\i Dreadful
\i0 , needs to be written out of these scenes)\strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li2161\fi-1802\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Sunday		- Chapter 22\
			- Chapter 23 & 24 - Annabel and Jonathan make it back to the airship. Palmer has been patched up and is able to walk, with a cane. They plan their heist.\
\
Monday		- 25 & 26 - Jonathan, Annabel, and Palmer break into the Albion; they use the sewers and branch off once inside. Jonathan will go with Palmer, so he can keep an eye on him, though Palmer needs to use a cane. \
\
Tuesday		- Chapter 27-30 - Annabel (and R\'e9my) rescue Roderick; Sinews is already gone. She wonders if he's escaped or been taken to Chateau d'If.\
			- Jonathan learns that Abe Palmer is Varney (Thomas Grimmer was wrong); Palmer killed Thomas Grimmer. Jonathan doesn't kill Palmer, but he watches him die.\
			- Jonathan kills Anthony Tidkins. Zombies rampage. They escape.}