{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Solomon Grundy,\'94 Jonathan repeated, his voice cracking like thin ice under too much strain. His hands balling into fists. His nails dug into his palms. He\'92d been so close to his father\'92s killer; even when he hadn\'92t known Grundy\'92s true nature, he\'92d found the man infuriating. \'93Why?\'94\
\'93Because he\'92s Anthony Tidkins\'92 lap dog,\'94 Palmer answered.\
\'93And Tidkins wanted my father dead.\'94\
\'93Your father knew too much,\'94 said Palmer. \'93When the Resurrectionists learned that your father had been studying zombies, and that he\'92d learned the identity of Francis Varney, they had him eliminated. They\'92d have done the same to me if I hadn\'92t\'85\'94\
\'93Hadn\'92t what?\'94 Jonathan demanded. He was out of his seat again, his face red with rage. How had his father kept so much from him?\
Palmer shook his head. Jonathan stepped around the desk and shoved Palmer back against the wall. In Ijebu-Ode, Jonathan had feared he was a coward, because he\'92d refused to kill a man. What he realized now was that not killing didn\'92t make him a coward. Killing, that was an easy thing to do. The simple squeeze of a trigger, the pressure of his hands on a man\'92s throat, the subtle slash of a knife, that was all it would take. 
\i Not
\i0  killing, now 
\i that
\i0  was difficult. He slammed his fist into the wall beside Palmer\'92s head. Palmer trembled.\
\'93Uncle Abe, what have you done?\'94\
\'93You have to understand, I did it to protect your mother.\'94\
\'93Did what?\'94 he shouted. \'93What does my mother have to do with any of this?\'94\
\'93The Resurrectionists, they weren\'92t just going to kill me. They would have killed her too. I couldn\'92t let that happen, you understand. I made them promise to spare her.\'94\
\'93And in return?\'94\
\'93As I said before, we had built a laboratory in the basement of the theater,\'94 he said, voice trembling. \'93We gave them access to it.\'94}