{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Show me,\'94 said Jonathan Grimmer.\
Palmer remained seated.\
\'93Jonathan, be reasonable\'97\'94\
\'93Show me.\'94\
Palmer sighed. He made a show of getting out of his seat, and headed for the door. He stopped, hand on the knob. \'93You\'92re sure I can\'92t persuade you to give this up? Get out of London, Jonathan. It isn\'92t safe here. You want me to, what, march you into the lion\'92s den? I won\'92t do it.\'94\
\'93You will, Palmer, or so help me, I\'92ll kill you myself, and I\'92ll find my own way into this Resurrectionist laboratory you\'92ve built in my father\'92s theater.\'94\
\'93Your 
\i father
\i0  built the laboratory,\'94 Palmer protested.\
\'93And you invited the devil to use it,\'94 Jonathan snapped. \'93I want to see it. I want to see what you\'92ve done with my father\'92s legacy.\'94\
\'93What do you care for your father\'92s legacy? You never wanted any part of it. You wanted to be a boxer.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s fist was flying before he could stop himself. His fist collided with Palmer\'92s cheek, and Palmer staggered back. He put his fingers to his face and gaped at Jonathan.\
\'93Show me the damn lab, and not another word about my father.\'94\
At last, Palmer nodded. The handle turned, and he followed the older man out of the office. They headed down the hallway to the old, rickety staircase, into the basement. They passed Charles Grimmer\'92s\'97now Jonathan\'92s\'97office, and stopped before the door to the trap pit beneath the stage. This was the area beneath the trap door that Charles Grimmer used to \'91disappear\'92 during his stage show, a secret entrance and exit for performers and props. Jonathan followed as Palmer opened the door.\
It was dark beneath the stage, but Jonathan could just make out the old elevator that stood in the center of the pit, a flimsy metal cage, rusting, its paint beginning to flake. Jonathan knew it all too well, from his father\'92s show. 
\i Watch the great illusionist Charles Grimmer disappear! 
\i0 He would simply step into the elevator, and audience would marvel as he slowly descended beneath the stage.\
Palmer flung the cage door open.\
\'93Get in,\'94 he said, flicking a switch inside the elevator. A gas light turned on, illuminating the inside of the elevator.\
Jonathan stepped inside, and Palmer pressed another switch. The elevator rattled and shuddered. He heard a ratcheting sound from above and the thrum of machinery deep below. The elevator  began to descend.\
It felt as though the floor was rising up to meet them. They plunged into near darkness, the only light being the small gas lantern inside the elevator. The lab wasn\'92t in the basement; it was 
\i beneath
\i0  the basement. How deep did it go? All he could see was the cage-like walls of the elevator, and the machinery of its workings, which propelled them downward. He lost track of how many stories he\'92d descended. His ears popped uncomfortably. At last, the elevator reached the bottom. The laboratory.\
The room was unlit, and it appeared to be empty. As they stepped out of the claustrophobic space of the elevator, Palmer detached the gas lamp from the elevator, and swung it around to reveal their surroundings. As he did, Jonathan caught a glimpse of an image that would undoubtedly haunt his dreams that night and for nights to come.\
He choked back a cry of horror as he stared at an enormous, cylindrical fish tank of thick glass, which stood on one side of the room, the contents of the tank becoming more clear as Palmer drew nearer.\
\'93Dearest God in heaven,\'94 he said under his breath, \'93what in God\'92s name is that?\'94\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f1 \cf0 The tank was filled to the top with dark, murky water, completely sealed to prevent the creature within from escaping. Pressed against the glass was a set of lifeless, rotten fingers.\
The skin on those rough hands had begun to slough off and reveal a set of yellowed bones. The zombie\'92s naked, sinewy flesh had slowly begun to rot and fall away, filling the tank with drifting bits of rotten meat, a macabre snow globe. Within a ribcage bare of flesh, was a heart turned black and grey by rot. Un-beating.\
But it was the creature\'92s face which truly disturbed Jonathan, and from which he could not tear away his gaze. Its jaws, still gnashing, its yellowing teeth\'97many of which lay on the floor of the tank, leaving only a few, randomly placed in its mouth\'97ground against the glass walls as if to gnaw its way free. The zombie stared at Jonathan through the glass.\
He could see his own face, reflected in the glass, and knew that his expression was one of utter horror. But still, he stepped closer to the tank, looking in amazement and repulsion at the once-human thing that swam within the confines of its glass prison.\
Its nose, decomposed so thoroughly that Jonathan could see the wretched creature\'92s skull through its nostrils. Its ears, tattered and torn like scraps of old cloth. And its eyes, its dreadful eyes. White and lifeless, unblinking, as the creature moved its head to stare at him.\
\'93It\'92s an experiment,\'94 said Palmer.\
He turned back to the tank. His skin crawled.\
\'93An experiment?\'94 he repeated.\
\'93The Resurrectionists wanted to see if they could breathe underwater,\'94 he explained.\
\'93And?\'94\
\'93And it turns out they don\'92t 
\i need
\i0  to breathe,\'94 he said. \'93Apparently, most of them 
\i do
\i0  breathe, but it\'92s suspected that\'92s more force of habit than necessity. After all, they were human once, and breathing is part of human nature.\'94\
\'93So, they do retain some aspects of their human nature?\'94 Jonathan concluded.\
He stepped back as the thing inside the tank moved its head and looked at him, unblinking. He shook his head in disgust as he forced herself to look away from the hideous creature in the tank. This creature had once been a man, a living man. It was pitiable, really, but he could not bring himself to feel pity. All he could feel, even as he turned away to face Palmer, was dread.\
\'93Come,\'94 said Palmer, turning to the door. \'93Let\'92s not linger here longer than we have to.\'94\
Jonathan nodded. He followed Palmer to the door.\
As he eased it open, he heard voices, a man\'92s and a woman\'92s. He caught sight of a Resurrectionist lying on the floor. Above him stood a red-haired woman with a metal device strapped to her face, covering one eye. Behind her, guns pointed menacingly at her, he could count six Resurrectionists. There were six of them in front of her, too, but her attention was focused on one in particular.\
\'93What do you want with me?\'94 she hissed, glaring fiercely at him. \'93You tried to kill me.\'94\
The man laughed. There was no joy in it.\
\'93At the masquerade, you mean? You knew that was me?\'94 he asked.\
The woman kept her mouth shut, her eyes fixed dangerously on the Resurrectionist.\
\'93I wasn\'92t trying to kill you,\'94 he said. \'93I was testing my hypothesis.\'94\
Across the hall, behind the Resurrectionists and the red-haired woman, Jonathan could see prison cells. He flashed a look at Palmer but managed to keep quiet.\
\'93What hypothesis?\'94 the woman demanded.\
\'93That you\'92re immune,\'94 he answered. Then he turned to the door and looked directly at Jonathan. \'93Mr. Palmer, good of you to join us. And who\'92s this? The spitting image of Charles Grimmer. You must be Jonathan.\'94\
\'93Shit,\'94 Jonathan swore.\
\'93Come on out, Mr. Grimmer.\'94\
He stepped out into the hall, followed by Palmer.\
\'93Allow me to introduce myself,\'94 said the Resurrectionist. To Jonathan\'92s surprise, he reached up and unclasped the leather straps of his plague mask. He lowered the mask and let it hang around his neck. His face was impossibly pale, almost translucent, his hair white as snow. His eyes were a soft pink color like the petals of a rose. \'93Anthony Tidkins, at your service.\'94\
So this was the nefarious Anthony Tidkins, the man behind the Dead London Project. If it was Solomon Grundy who'd killed Jonathan's father, it was only on Tidkins' orders. The zombie plague spreading through London, this was the man behind it. The Resurrection Man. The boogeyman of London. Though he was strange in appearance, he was still just a man. Jonathan reached behind his back, felt the handle of his revolver, tucked into his trousers.\
"I wouldn't," said Tidkins. He gestured to his fellow Resurrectionists, whose guns were trained on the woman.\
Jonathan turned his eyes from the Resurrectionists. The woman was staring at him as if she recognized him. There was something familiar about her. Did he know her from somewhere?\
\'93Mr. O,\'94 she said.\
He raised his eyebrows. Before he had a chance to make sense of that, she darted towards him. The Resurrectionists swung their guns around to follow her. Jonathan stepped back into the lab to get out of her way.\
\'93Stop them!\'94 shouted Tidkins.\
Gunfire erupted. Blood filled the air. The woman dove past Jonathan into the room. As he reached for the door, Palmer stumbled inside, clutching his shoulder. Jonathan pulled the door shut. He bolted it.\
\'93Are you hit?\'94 he asked.\
She shook her head and glared at Palmer.\
\'93Palmer?\'94\
He nodded. \'93I\'92ll live,\'94 he said.\
\'93Too bad,\'94 the woman muttered.\
They could hear the Resurrectionists banging on the door, demanding that Palmer open up.\
\'93Well?\'94 said the woman, looking at Palmer. \'93You're not going to give me up to your friends again?\'94\
Palmer winced in pain as he clutched his wound. \'93We need to go.\'94\
He was right about that. Jonathan threw the elevator door open and stepped inside. Palmer had dropped the gas lamp at some point, so they could hardly see a thing, but as the woman stepped into the elevator, Palmer flicked the switch. They began to ascend. Even as his eyes began to adjust to the light, the darkness increased. He could feel the woman staring back at him.\
\'93Who are you?\'94\
\'93I was wearing a disguise when we first met. Easier to get into Lord Connor\'92s unnoticed. I believe I introduced myself as Jonathan Grimmer.\'94\
The red hair, the mechanical device covering her eye, the voice\'85that was where he\'92d seen her before. Lord Connor\'92s killer.\
\'93Some disguise,\'94 he remarked honestly. \'93So,\'94 he said, \'93you\'92re a woman.\'94\
\'93Have been my whole life,\'94 she replied, not without humor. \
\'93So, we meet again, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said, soliciting a laugh. \'93Or is it Miss Peabody?\'94\
\'93It\'92s Annabel,\'94 she said.\
He glanced upward, but it was impossible to see anything in the darkness of the elevator shaft. The machine rattled noisily upward, but they could still hear the Resurrectionists breaking into the hallway below. They weren\'92t safe yet. Jonathan doubted the elevator floor was thick enough to protect them if the Resurrectionists decided to start shooting at them. And they could always just cut through the cord, and the entire cage would come tumbling down. He silently urged it to climb faster.\
\'93Don\'92t worry. They want you alive,\'94 said Palmer.\
Jonathan wasn\'92t convinced. He looked dubiously at the floor of the cage and listened for the sound of cutting rope. He could hear distant, muffled voices echoing up the shaft. Nothing else, but the ordinary clicking of gears and winding of pulleys.\
\'93Why?\'94 he asked.\
\'93The Resurrectionists believe you may be immune to the virus,\'94 he said.\
Jonathan raised an eyebrow, uncertain. That seemed very unlikely. \'93Immune? How?\'94\
\'93You were bitten, were you not? In Ijebu-Ode,\'94 said Palmer, \'93You took ill.\'94\
\'93An infection, nothing more.\'94\
\'93How can you be so sure?\'94 Palmer asked.\
Jonathan didn\'92t have an answer for that. He had the scar on his shoulder as a souvenir of his infection. He\'92d spent weeks in the infirmary, but his only proof that it wasn\'92t Lazarus was that he hadn\'92t turned into a zombie. If he was immune, though, that meant nothing.\
\'93So you can rest assured they want you alive,\'94 Palmer continued, \'93after all, the entire point of their 
\i Dead London Project
\i0  is to find a test subject with a natural immunity\'97\'94\
The sound of a bullet interrupted his speech and proved him a liar. The bullet ricocheted inside the elevator shaft and struck the floor of the cage. It put a dent in the floor, but didn\'92t pierce the steel.\
\'93You were saying?\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Shit,\'94 Annabel swore.\
More bullets joined the first, until the elevator shaft was filled with the banging of gunfire and smell of powder. Like the first, the subsequent bullets at first failed to break through the metal floor of the cage. But as the Resurrectionists continued to fire, Jonathan felt a bullet whiz past his face. It struck the ceiling above. He looked at Palmer as if he expected him to do something about it. As if he could.\
\'93They don\'92t need to keep you alive,\'94 said Annabel. \'93They only need a sample of your blood. Are you armed, either of you?\'94\
Jonathan drew the pistol he\'92d tucked into his belt.\
Palmer\'92s eyes widened. \'93What are you doing with that?\'94\
The next bullet put a hole in the floor and whizzed past Palmer\'92s head. Jonathan raised an eyebrow. He pointed the muzzle through the hole in the floor and without hesitation, pulled the trigger. He heard a cry of alarm from below. Hopefully his bullet had struck home. He couldn\'92t see what he was shooting at. He fired again and was answered with another alarmed shout. The Resurrectionists kept firing back, bullets ricocheting dangerously in the narrow elevator shaft.\
He fired again and again, almost emptying the chamber. It was the first time he\'92d fired a gun at a living person, and to his surprise, he didn\'92t feel the least bit bad about it. If he killed a Resurrectionist, so be it. They had it damn well coming.\
At last, the elevator shuddered to a halt, and Jonathan slid the door open. They practically tumbled out of the elevator. He looked himself over; he was unscathed. He looked to Annabel and Palmer.\
Annabel nodded. \'93I\'92m fine,\'94 she said.\
Palmer gritted his teeth. Blood was seeping through his shirt from his shoulder, and he was limping. He\'92d been hit twice.\
\'93Can you walk?\'94 Jonathan asked.\
Palmer nodded. \'93I think so.\'94\
\'93Then let\'92s go.\'94}