{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Welcome aboard the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 ,\'94 said Jonathan, as Annabel took in the grand airship with the same dewy-eyed expression Jonathan had the first time his father took him aboard. He turned to Skip. \'93I never thought I\'92d say this, but call the doctor.\'94\

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
He'd always felt that a doctor aboard the ship was a ridiculous waste of money, but now that he knew the truth about his father, it made sense. He was still trying to come to terms with what Palmer had told him. Charles Grimmer wasn't just an illusionist; he was also a zombie hunter. No wonder he kept a gun collection aboard the 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dreadful
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. No wonder he employed a full-time doctor.\
At Jonathan\'92s command, Skip grabbed his mouthpiece from its post and called for the doctor, his voice traveling from the mouthpiece through the speaking tubes to every part of the ship. Annabel\'92s jaw dropped. \'93Incredible,\'94 she said.\
\'93Have you never been aboard an airship?\'94 asked Jonathan.\
\'93Not one like this,\'94 she answered.\
\'93Skip, get us airborne as quickly as possible. We don\'92t want any stowaways climbing aboard,\'94 he said. The hull of the airship was low enough that it nearly scraped the pavement. The streets were crowded with zombies, and though there was no way they could climb aboard the airship, they were still too close for comfort.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'93Aye, cap\'92n,\'94 Skip answered, \'93but you may be pleased to learn we\'92ve already picked up a stowaway.\'94\
\'93Beg your pardon?\'94\
\'93You\'92ll find him in the lounge, sir. Ah, and here\'92s the doctor.\'94\
Bemused, Jonathan turned from his pilot to face the doctor. Leaving Palmer in the doctor\'92s care, he led the way to the lounge.\
Annabel followed, her gaze still sweeping over every inch of the ship with child-like wonder. She paused, one hand on the railing, as the engines began to hum. Her eyes darted as they heard the whir of the propellers and the billowing of the sails. The 
\i Dreadful
\i0 , kept aloft by a dozen ballonets filled with hydrogen, encased in a long balloon that was blimp-like in shape, was a hybrid airship. Like an overgrown ornithopter, it had huge canvas wings attached to the side of the balloon, which beat like those of an enormous bat, stirring the ship into motion. Beneath the balloon hung the gondola, which bore a strong resemblance to a frigate, though its sails were mounted beneath its underbelly.\
\'93I\'92ve never seen anything like it,\'94 said Annabel.\
Jonathan smiled. \'93I\'92m glad you like her.\'94 He turned to the hatch, opened it, and stepped inside. \'93Come, let\'92s go meet our mysterious guest.\'94\
He led the way through the sweltering engine room. Steam hissed as coal shoveled into the furnace, powering the engines. Jonathan wiped his brow and opened the hatch. The next room was the engine room\'92s opposite. Designed with comfort and luxury in mind, the lounge boasted tall ceilings lined with gilt, velvet-cushioned furniture, not to mention a well-stocked bar. A familiar figure was seated on the divan.\
\'93Roderick!\'94 Jonathan cried.\
\'93Hello, old friend,\'94 said Roderick, standing to greet his friend. \'93I cannot tell you how good it is to see you. I hope you won\'92t find it terribly boorish, but I took the liberty of asking your pilot to drop me off at home; I left Bailey at home and I must admit I\'92m rather concerned about him what with these zombies running amok. And who is this lovely creature?\'94\
\'93Ah, Roderick Steen, allow me to present Miss Annabel\'97\'94\
\'93Grey,\'94 Annabel finished.\
\'93Miss Grey,\'94 said Roderick, with a bow. \'93Shall we take a seat? I called for tea as soon as I heard you were aboard, and I do believe we\'92ve some catching up to do.\'94\
\'93We do indeed,\'94 said Jonathan, taking a seat and gesturing for Annabel to do the same. "But tell me, what are you doing here?"\
"I went to Newgate to look for Parson Sinews. He'd been arrested, as the police believed he was the Resurrection Man. I ran into a bit of trouble and had to lock myself in one of the cells. If your crew hadn't found me there, I might be there still. Luckily, I wasn't the only one looking for Mr. Sinews."\
As they waited for the tea to arrive, Jonathan told Roderick that he'd been there when Parson Sinews was arrested. He gave a brief summary of his meeting and described what Sinews had told him about the 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 . After I left, the police arrived. I asked Skip to look into his whereabouts, as I believed Mr. Sinews was innocent.\'94\
Roderick nodded. \'93Detective Inspector Taggert said he spoke to a witness who swore up and down that Sinews was the Resurrection Man, though I find that difficult to believe. It was Taggert\'97god rest his idiotic soul\'97who sent the Black Mariah\'92s to arrest Sinews.\'94\
\'93Taggert was wrong,\'94 said Annabel. \'93I\'92ve met Mr. Sinews, and I\'92ve met Anthony Tidkins. They are not the same man.\'94\
\'93You met Anthony Tidkins?\'94 said Jonathan. \'93In the basement of the Albion, you mean?\'94\
\'93Before that,\'94 Annabel answered. \'93Long story. I met 
\i Mr. Sinews
\i0  in the basement of the Albion, as it happens. The police didn\'92t take him to any prison; they brought him directly to the Resurrectionists.\'94\
Jonathan raised his eyebrows at the revelation. \'93Is it possible they weren\'92t police at all, but Resurrectionists in disguise?\'94\
Roderick shook his head. \'93No, as I said, Taggert did call for the Black Mariah\'92s to be sent to arrest him. The only explanation is that there are Resurrectionists working for Scotland Yard.\'94\
The door swung open, and a tea cart was wheeled into the room.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 said Jonathan, and with a bow, the staff disappeared from the lounge. He poured himself a cup and sipped as he considered Roderick\'92s words. \'93After Mr. Sinews\'92 apparent arrest, I headed to the Albion, where I spoke with Abe Palmer.\'94\
Roderick smiled. \'93And how is old Uncle Abe?\'94\
\'93
\i Uncle Abe
\i0  is in league with the Resurrectionists,\'94 said Annabel, drinking her tea as if it was the last cup on earth.\
\'93What?\'94 Roderick exclaimed.\
\'93You may find it difficult to credit, but I assure you it\'92s true. Until recently, Palmer and my father had been secretly hunting zombies, which have been wandering the streets of London even before the Resurrectionists began their 
\i Dead London Project
\i0 . My father built a lab beneath the Albion in order to study them,\'94 Jonathan explained. \'93When the Resurrectionists learned of my father\'92s secret laboratory, they murdered him and made his death look like an accident.\'94\
Roderick gasped. He put a hand on Jonathan\'92s shoulder and looked at him with concern. Jonathan gave him a reassuring smile.\
\'93After my father\'92s death, Palmer allowed the Resurrectionists to use the lab as their own. We don\'92t know for certain that he\'92s 
\i in league
\i0  with them, but we do know that he\'92s done nothing to stop them. He assures me that he did it only because they had threatened to kill my mother.\'94\
\'93And you believe him?\'94 asked Annabel.\
Jonathan had to pause to consider the question. He sighed. \'93I don\'92t know what I think,\'94 he said, \'93but I do believe he may prove useful. I believe he knows the Resurrectionist organization inside and out. I just pray he doesn\'92t die on us.\'94\
\'93Come again?\'94 said Roderick, nearly spilling his tea.\
\'93He was shot,\'94 Jonathan explained.\
\'93Twice,\'94 Annabel added with a grin.\
It was clear she didn\'92t like him, and Jonathan couldn\'92t blame her. He\'92d given her up to the Resurrectionists, and even if he wasn\'92t working with them, he\'92d done nothing to stop them. At worst, he was a villain, at best a coward. But Jonathan had grown up with Palmer as a constant in his life. For so much of his childhood, Palmer had been his greatest role model. It was difficult to turn his back on him, even now. Even after he\'92d tarnished the good name of the Albion theater, the name Jonathan\'92s father had established.\
\'93Now arriving in Soho,\'94 Skip announced through the speaking tubes, his voice tinny and distorted.\
\'93Ah, I suppose that\'92s my stop,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Perhaps we can continue this conversation over another cup of tea? Won\'92t you all join me? You can meet Bailey, my most faithful friend, and R\'e9my.\'94\
\'93R\'e9my?\'94 Jonathan repeated.\
\'93I was supposed to paint him this evening,\'94 Roderick explained, \'93and if you know R\'e9my as I do, you\'92ll understand that nothing will keep him from meeting me, not even a city plagued by zombies. And that, I admit, is the real reason I needed to stop at home.\'94}