{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The smaller of the two men who stood before Roderick tucked his gun into his belt and turned to the larger man.\
\'93Give me the dog,\'94 said the smaller man.\
Even in the darkness, with the way the fog bent their shapes into long and twisted shadows, Roderick could see that the man was a giant. An immovable mountain stood before him. The giant bent down to face the smaller man, and handed him 
\i the dog
\i0 .\
\'93Bailey?\'94 said Roderick, soliciting a whimper.\
He blinked in confusion and looked down at the fallen zombie, whose mouth was stained with blood and fur. Whatever he\'92d been eating, it wasn\'92t Bailey. Thank god.\
\'93That\'92s my dog,\'94 he said. \'93Give me my dog.\'94\
\'93Come with us, Mr. Steen,\'94 said the smaller man. His voice was hoarse, ragged as if he\'92d been smoking all his life. \'93And we\'92ll see that your friend remains unharmed.\'94\
Relief turned to anger in an instant. \'93Who are you? What do you want with me?\'94\
\'93Forgive me,\'94 said the man with the coarse voice, \'93you\'92re quite right. Introductions are in order.\'94\
He stepped closer. Roderick strained his eyes to try to see him in the darkness. As he stepped through the thick layer of fog, Roderick began to make out his features. He was masked. He was a Resurrectionist.\
\'93My name is Dr. Jekyll,\'94 he said, his strained voice filtered through the mask. Roderick could see tubes sticking out the bottom of the plague mask. Bailey squirmed in his arms, trying to wiggle free. \'93I believe we share a mutual acquaintance. Anthony Tidkins.\'94\
The giant stepped up beside Jekyll.\
\'93And this esteemed gentleman,\'94 the smaller man continued, \'93is Mr. Hyde.\'94\
Roderick drew his revolver. "Give me my dog," he said, pointing the gun at Dr. Jekyll.\
"Hyde," said Jekyll.\
The giant's arm swung towards Roderick, flicking aside the gun as if it were a toy. Then he was seized roughly by Mr. Hyde's enormous hands, and lifted up. The giant flung him over his shoulder, as if Roderick were some ragdoll to be tossed about. He held tight to his cane, unsheathing it even as the giant hauled him away.\
He jammed the swordstick into Mr. Hyde's back. The giant gave a low grunt but gave no other indication that he'd even felt it.\
"No more of that, Mr. Steen," said Dr. Jekyll. "Do remember that I hold your dog's life in my hand."\
Roderick swallowed. He couldn't allow them to take him. He had to keep fighting, even if it put Bailey's life at risk. He pulled the swordstick from the giant's back, and this time, he swung it at Dr. Jekyll. He just managed to knick the doctor's neck.\
Before he had a chance to strike again, he felt the giant cover his mouth with an old rag. He smelled ether.\
As his vision began to blur and his head began to ache, he heard Jonathan's voice in the distance. He tried to call out to his friend, but his voice was barely a whisper. The cloth dropped from his face, but its work was already done. Roderick drifted to sleep.}