{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan stooped down to pick up the Smith & Wesson revolver. He showed it to Annabel.\
\'93That\'92s Roderick\'92s,\'94 she said.\
\'93They took him,\'94 said Jonathan, clenching his teeth and breathing hard. He paced anxiously. \'93Damn him for running off like that! Damn him!\'94\
\'93Who took him?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 he answered. \'93Resurrectionists, I believe. There were two of them. One of them was a giant. I think I saw him, back at the Albion.\'94\
\'93Mr. Hyde,\'94 said Annabel. She grabbed Jonathan by the shoulders, forced him to stand still. \'93Did you see which way they went?\'94\
\'93That way, I think.\'94\
He pointed down the alley. In the direction of his outstretched finger, a crowd of zombies resolved in the fog. They approached steadily. At least a dozen of them shuffled forward in the dark. The noise must have drawn them.\
\'93We don\'92t have time for this!\'94 Jonathan cursed. He drew the Smith & Wesson and fired six shots, his hands shaking slightly. Six bodies fell. The gun was empty.\
The dead continued to close in, climbing over the bodies of the fallen, drawing closer by the second. Jonathan tucked the revolver into his pocket and stepped forward, fists raised.\
Beside him, Annabel raised her rifle. \'93Get out of the way,\'94 she shouted. \'93What are you going to do, fight them barehanded?\'94\
Ignoring her, he grabbed the closest zombie by the collar of his shirt. With one furious blow after another, he caved the man\'92s skull in with his fist.\
\'93Bloody hell,\'94 Annabel muttered. She stepped into the fray.\
Jonathan ducked beneath the grasping limbs of a zombie and came up with fists flying. Blood spattered his shirt as he knocked the creature off its feet. His boot came down.\
The next creature to come at him was a woman, her dress dirty and tattered. Her organs spilled out of her, wet and rotten. Her belly was swollen with pregnancy, but it had been ripped open, the umbilical cord hanging loose from the gaping hole in her stomach. Feeling sick with pity and disgust, Jonathan staggered back. He took a moment to steel himself for what he had to do, thinking only of Roderick.\
He looked the dead woman in the eyes to remind himself that she was already dead. Then he slammed his fist into her face, again and again until it fell away in rotten chunks. She didn\'92t scream or cry out as she died. She simply fell silent and stopped moving. She hit the ground, mouth hanging open.\
He looked to Annabel. A pile of mutilated and rotten bodies surrounded her. She dealt with the last of the zombies with her rifle. As she lowered the weapon, she caught the expression on his face. \'93We\'92ll get him back,\'94 she said.\
He wasn\'92t sure he could articulate why his friendship with Roderick was so important. He\'92d known Roderick since childhood. Once, when they were just thirteen, Roderick had tried to kiss him. He\'92d whispered 
\i \'93I love you.\'94
\i0  Jonathan smiled at the memory. At the time, he wasn't exactly flattered. That wasn\'92t how he felt about Roderick. Instead of just telling him that, he\'92d done the only thing he could think of; he\'92d punched Roderick in the face. Somehow their friendship had survived even that. In fact, it had only strengthened their bond, as it had made things clear. Their friendship wasn\'92t a romantic bond; it was a bond of brotherhood. Roderick had always been there for Jonathan, through every hardship and every heartache, and Jonathan would always be there for Roderick, no matter what.\
And although he couldn\'92t explain that bond to Annabel, the look on her face told him he didn\'92t need to explain. She understood.\
\'93We\'92ll get him back,\'94 he repeated.\
\'93We need to get back to Roderick\'92s,\'94 she said, looking at the pile of corpses at their feet. \'93God knows how many of these rotten things there are wandering about. We\'92ll figure out our next steps once we get back.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 said Jonathan. He followed as she turned on her heel and headed back in the other direction.\
A familiar figure stood at the door when they returned.\
\'93Monsieur Grimmer,\'94 he said, eying Jonathan and Annabel warily. \'93Where is Roderick?\'94}