{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 The virus spreads easily. A bite. A scratch. Your father began trying to track down incidences of attacks involving the infected, hunting down the zombies, throwing their bodies into the Thames, and covering up their deaths. Eventually, a more sophisticated means of dealing with the virus became necessary. The virus was impossible to contain. That was why your father built the laboratory beneath the Albion. It\'92s also why I believe the Resurrectionists are our only chance of finding a cure.\
\
Lazarus works in two stages. In stage one, the virus slowly kills the host body. It is only in stage two that the body becomes a zombie. If we could cure that stage of the virus, we believed we could harness immortality; the virus would act only to keep the body alive after death, but without the other negative side effects: necrosis, rot, the primal urge to eat living flesh.
\i0  
\i The infected would not be zombies, but undead. \
\
He believed that crows would not suffice to provide a cure. The cure had to come from humans. Humans who\'92d been exposed to Lazarus and survived.
\i0 \

\i \'93Like me and Annabel, you mean,\'94 said Jonathan.
\i0 \

\i \'93Yes,\'94 Palmer answered. \'93Of course, Mrs. Grimmer forbade the Resurrectionists from using you as their test subject. I tried to persuade them to use only Annabel, to stay away from you. But Annabel proved elusive. But the Resurrectionists had another solution. The Dead London Project. If your mother had simply been willing to give you up, that could have been prevented. Still, once they find the cure, this will all be set to rights.\'94
\i0 \

\i Jonathan\'92s mind was whirling. So many things just didn\'92t add up.
\i0 \

\i \'93Once 
\i0 we
\i  find a cure, you mean? After we recover their research, we\'92ll find a cure, as we discussed. We don\'92t need the Resurrectionists.\'94
\i0 \

\i Palmer laughed. \'93Don\'92t be naive,\'94 said Palmer. \'93The Resurrectionists have been studying the virus for years. Anthony Tidkins is still our best hope of finding a cure for Lazarus.\'94
\i0 \

\i Jonathan pushed his chair back a little, watching Palmer uneasily. Palmer twitched when Jonathan moved his chair.
\i0 \

\i \'93I don\'92t care,\'94 Jonathan said, his tone challenging Palmer, brooking no argument. \'93We\'92re not getting into bed with the Resurrectionists, not after what they\'92ve done. They need to be stopped. We\'92ll find a cure without their help.\'94
\i0 \

\i \'93I was afraid you might say that,\'94 said Palmer.}