{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 With one of his father\'92s guns tucked into his belt and his hands bound behind his back, Jonathan stepped through the front door of the Albion. Palmer followed, leaning heavily on his cane.\
Annabel had been right about one thing. They couldn\'92t use the front door without drawing the attention of the Resurrectionists. Unless, of course, they managed to convince Anthony Tidkins and his followers that Palmer was still loyal to their cause. To do that, Jonathan would act as his prisoner. With years of experience in the theater, he could slip his ropes in two seconds flat if need be. And if they encountered Resurrectionists, Palmer would simply tell them he was taking Jonathan to the cells. It wasn\'92t a foolproof plan, but it was the best one they had.\
Mrs. Thompson was noticeably absent from her desk at the box office. The lobby was deserted. As they headed through the door to the theater, they saw that there was no show in progress either. The stage was bare, the seats empty. It was just as well. Jonathan didn\'92t want any collateral damage if their meeting with the Resurrectionists turned bloody, and he expected it would.\
With Palmer still limping after him, he headed straight for the stage door, and waited for him to open it. He wished he could trust Palmer, but Annabel had been right about that too. Palmer had led Jonathan straight to Anthony Tidkins. Jonathan had pushed him to take him down to the basement, and Palmer had seemed reluctant to do so, but wasn\'92t it possible that was all an act? What if he was still working with them? The whole plan hinged on Palmer\'92s cooperation.\
He paused at the stage door, turned, and looked the theater manager in the eye. This man had been like an uncle to him. Thomas Grimmer had trusted him like a brother, and mere days after his death, he\'92d brought the devil to their doorstep. Jonathan\'92s eyes narrowed with suspicion.\
\'93What is it?\'94 said Palmer.\
\'93You brought the Resurrectionists to the Albion,\'94 he said. \'93I need to understand why.\'94\
\'93I\'92ve already told you,\'94 Palmer protested. \'93They threatened to hurt your mother. You were told that your father died in a hunting accident. That was a lie. You know that already, but what you don\'92t know is 
\i how
\i0  he died, what they did to him, what Solomon Grundy did to him. He 
\i butchered 
\i0 your father, Jonathan. They gutted him like a fish and filled his insides with clocks. Then they put a gramophone inside his mouth in order to leave a message.\'94\
\'93Enough,\'94 Jonathan snapped, his hands tightening into fists.\
\'93They said they\'92d do the same to your mother as they\'92d done to your father. I had no choice.\'94\
At last, Jonathan turned and headed through the door. He said nothing as Palmer hobbled after him on his cane.\
They headed down the hall, to the trap pit beneath the stage. Again, with his hands tied, he had to wait for Palmer to open the door. His mouth set in a firm line, he stepped into the pit and followed the theater manager into the elevator. At the flick of a switch, they began their descent.\
Down, slowly, down they went, with the rattle and clank of machinery to announce their arrival.\
If he wasn\'92t tied up, he\'92d have taken a swig of whiskey from the flask inside his coat pocket. As it was, he was left to his thoughts, surrounded by darkness.\
Eventually, they landed in the basement, in the lab where Jonathan had seen the zombie in the fish tank. The tank was still there, but the murky water was empty. The zombie was gone.\
They crossed the small room to the door. Palmer winced as he reached to open the door. Clearly his gunshot wounds were still causing him grief. Good, Jonathan thought.\
To Jonathan\'92s surprise, the hall was clear. They stepped out of the laboratory. The jail cells across the hallway were empty; either Annabel had already managed to get Roderick out or he was being held somewhere else.\
\'93This way,\'94 said Palmer.\
They headed down the hallway, with Palmer holding Jonathan by the wrists with one hand, the other gripping his cane. It was slow going, with Palmer limping all the while, but eventually, they reached the door marked 
\i Beta Laboratory.
\i0 \
The 
\i Beta Lab
\i0  was a vast, open space that made Jonathan forget how deep underground they were. A number of enormous machines took up space within the room, boilers at work, hissing steam, chemicals running through tubes. Several rows of operating tables spanned the room, with tubes running from the machines to the zombies strapped down on the tables. Colorful liquid pumped into their veins, while they struggled against their bonds. Each body on each table was strapped down, wrists and ankles cuffed so tight the bonds cut into their skin, not that they would feel it.\
Despite the barbaric experiments that were conducted here, there was a clinical cleanliness to the room, a thorough organization to the madness. Jonathan wondered if the men on the operating tables had been dead when the experiments had started. What were they pumping into their veins, the virus, or a potential cure?\
A series of hazy black and white photographs were pinned to one of the walls. Unusual photographs, they revealed the subjects\'92 skeletons.\
Another section of the laboratory seemed to be dedicated to the study of those corvine birds that had provided the emblem for the Resurrectionists. Tubes filled with blood were stored in a glass cabinet, kept cool by some mechanical device. Condensation had formed upon the glass.\
A dozen dissected birds were mounted with labeled pins, 
\i Specimen A1, Specimen B2, 
\i0 and so on. It was part rookery, part slaughterhouse, part monster hospital.\
The lab was not deserted, but it was busy enough that for a minute, Jonathan and Palmer went unobserved, which gave them ample time to take stock of the laboratory. Eventually, the scientists seemed to notice the presence of the intruders. Jonathan made a quick count of the Resurrectionists. Eight of them. He had more than enough bullets if it came down to a fight. He almost hoped it would.\
One of the scientists, an older man with greying hair and age-spotted skin, lifted his mask with one hand and coughed into a handkerchief. He took a puff of air from a device that was hooked up to a cylindrical tank. He lowered his mask, again covering his mouth.\
\'93Our first attempt at an antiserum came from corvine birds, which possess a natural resistance to the virus,\'94 he said as he noticed Jonathan looking at the wall of dead crows. \'93Not all animals do, you see. So, crows became a subject of interest to me. I believed, given their natural immunity, that they might allow us to synthesize an antiserum. It seems my obsession was passed on to my apprentice.\'94\
\'93Your apprentice?\'94\
\'93Anthony Tidkins,\'94 he answered.\
Jonathan looked to Palmer for an explanation.\
\'93Dr. Jekyll,\'94 said Palmer, \'93Anthony Tidkins\'92 mentor.\'94\
\'93Indeed. A pleasure to meet you at last, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 said Jekyll. He turned to Palmer. \'93And what brings you back here, Mr. Varney?\'94\
Jonathan blinked in confusion. The words on the scrap of paper were burned into his mind. 
\i Lord Connor is Francis Varney.
\i0  Lord Connor, not Abraham Palmer. And yet\'85\
\'93Did he just call you Varney?\'94\
\'93Jonathan\'97\'94 Palmer started to say.\
\'93Oho, now this is good,\'94 said Dr. Jekyll. \'93He didn\'92t know?\'94\
Jonathan\'92s head was spinning. Was his father wrong about Lord Connor all along? The Resurrectionists hired Annabel to break into Connor\'92s safe, after all. Why would they have needed to break in if Connor was one of them?\
\'93Know what?\'94 he demanded.\
\'93That your friend Mr. Palmer is one of us.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 Jonathan protested. \'93He\'92s only cooperating with you because you threatened to hurt my mother.\'94\
\'93Is that what he told you?\'94 asked Dr. Jekyll.\
Jonathan took half a step away from Palmer. He began wiggling his hands. Palmer had tied his ropes so they only looked tight, so he should be able to get free without much trouble, or at least he was supposed to. Once he started twisting at his bindings, however, he realized how tight the ropes really were. This wouldn\'92t be easy. He needed to keep Palmer and Jekyll talking, just long enough that he could get free before they noticed. Jonathan remembered what Palmer had told him when he first confronted him about the Resurrectionists.\
\'93He told me that 
\i Varney
\i0  arranged to have my father killed,\'94 said Jonathan, still wriggling his hands free as he looked at Dr. Jekyll. \'93Is there any truth to that?\'94\
Dr. Jekyll laughed. It quickly turned into a cough, phlegmy and hoarse. \'93Why don\'92t you tell him, Mr. Varney?\'94\
\'93That\'92s enough,\'94 said Palmer.\
Jekyll coughed again. \'93Tell him how you came to us all dewy-eyed and excited with that plan of yours.\'94 He turned to Jonathan. \'93It was 
\i his
\i0  idea, you see. We never threatened to harm your mother. Palmer came to 
\i us
\i0 , he told us about the laboratory beneath the Albion, and told us we could have it. All we had to do was get rid of Thomas Grimmer. As you can imagine, we were all too happy to oblige.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s hands were nearly free. He should have been trembling with rage, unable to think or focus, but he felt oddly calm. The moment he got free, he was going to kill Palmer. He only needed another moment to work at his ropes.\
He turned to the theater manager. The only thing he could think to say was, \'93
\i Why?
\i0 \'94\
\'93I don\'92t know,\'94 Palmer said. \'93Jealousy, I suppose? You said it yourself, I was a better magician than he ever was. Thomas Grimmer had everything. The theater, the family, the fame. Can you blame me if I was tired of playing the assistant?\'94\
\'93Is it true what you told me?\'94 asked Jonathan. \'93What they did to my father? What you 
\i allowed
\i0  them to do?\'94\
Palmer\'92s mouth hung open. \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said, his voice a whimper. For once, Jonathan saw through the act. Palmer was an actor, a stage magician. His remorse was nothing more than a performance.\
\'93No, you\'92re not,\'94 Jonathan said with a derisive snort. \'93You will be.\'94\
His hands were free.\
He dropped the ropes and grabbed Palmer, twisted him into a headlock, and drew his gun. He pressed the barrel of the gun against Palmer\'92s head. Palmer cried out in surprise. His cane clattered on the floor. Some of the Resurrectionists drew their own weapons. Only a few of them were armed. These men were scientists. Not all of the Resurrectionists were fighters.\
\'93You\'92re not a killer, Jonathan. You couldn\'92t kill in Africa, and you won\'92t kill me now,\'94 said Palmer. \'93Put the gun down.\'94\
Jonathan positioned himself so the Resurrectionists didn\'92t have a clean shot at him without risking killing Palmer.\
\'93I\'92ve changed since then,\'94 he said. \'93The war in Africa was senseless. I wasn\'92t about to kill a man over a war I didn\'92t believe in. My father was a good man, and you, you spiteful little man, had him killed out of petty jealousy. You made a deal with the devil and allowed madmen into my father\'92s theater. This was his life\'92s work, and you\'92ve turned it into a stronghold for the very people he was working against. 
\i This
\i0  I believe in. Now, tell them to lower their guns, Palmer. I will kill you. Or do you still not think I have it in me?\'94\
Palmer nodded. \'93Do it. Lower your guns.\'94\
Slowly, careful not to make any sudden moves, the Resurrectionists complied.\
\'93Good. Now, you\'92re going to collect whatever notes you have on the Lazarus Virus, and you\'92re going to stack them in a nice neat pile. Do it quickly,\'94 said Jonathan.\
As instructed, the scientists began collecting pages of notes, gathering stacks of leather-bound notebooks. Years worth of research. It would take ages to sort through these notes, even with the best scientists working on it. They\'92d have to deal with that later. For now, he had other things to worry about.\
He spoke quietly, directing his next words to Dr. Jekyll alone. \'93Where is Anthony Tidkins?\'94\
Jekyll drew his handkerchief again, and coughed violently into it. He drew a breath of air from his tank. Once he caught his breath, he stood up straight. He made another strange sound\'97at first Jonathan thought he was coughing again, but then he unstrapped his mask, and pulled it from his face. He wasn\'92t coughing. He was laughing.\
The mask had left deep lines on Jekyll\'92s face. He had dark bags beneath his eyes, and his skin was wrinkled and blemished. But it was not just age that marked his skin. In patches, his face was completely black, with lines of grey and violet radiating outward. His neck was peeling. Long strips of skin had fallen away. The flesh beneath the layers of dead skin was beginning to rot.\
Jonathan stared open-mouthed. Jekyll was infected. He must have been taking the antiserum to stop the virus from spreading, but the virus was winning. No wonder he was so dedicated to the Resurrectionist cause, of finding a cure.\
\'93A few months ago, through my research, I was exposed to the virus. The antiserum showed some promise, as you can see. It\'92s worked to prevent the virus from killing me, but it\'92s still not a cure. I\'92m dying, Mr. Grimmer. We are merely delaying the inevitable, and Anthony Tidkins is still my best chance at finding a real cure. So why would I tell you anything, when you plan on killing him?\'94 asked the doctor. \'93Don\'92t try to deny it. I can see it in your eyes. You hold Anthony responsible for what\'92s become of our city, for the zombies, for your father\'92s death. But the truth is, Anthony isn\'92t to blame. He\'92s just one player in a very complicated game of chess.\'94\
\'93If it\'92s chess we\'92re playing, Tidkins is the king,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93That\'92s why you protect him.\'94\
\'93Perhaps,\'94 Jekyll admitted. \'93Or perhaps 
\i I\'92m
\i0  the king, Mr. Grimmer. There\'92s so much you don\'92t know, who is to say? Perhaps Grundy is the king.\'94 He pointed at Palmer. \'93Perhaps he
\i  
\i0 is.\'94\
\'93Him?\'94 Jonathan snorted. He kept his eyes on the other scientists, while his gun remained pointed at Palmer. Threat lingered in his eyes, and they kept their wary distance. \'93He\'92s a pawn. Now, tell me where to find Tidkins. Or am I going to have to start spending bullets?\'94\
Jekyll coughed violently and took another breath from his tank. \'93You\'92re right, Mr. Grimmer. Varney is a pawn,\'94 he said.\
Pawns were expendable. Jekyll wouldn't hesitate to shoot his hostage, Jonathan realized. He snapped into action, and not a moment too soon.\
\'93Shoot him!\'94 cried Dr. Jekyll.\
The Resurrectionists pulled their guns and fired. Too slow. Jonathan had already moved. He ducked for cover as the first bullet hit Palmer in the throat. The next one whinged over his shoulder. If he\'92d been standing there a moment longer, he\'92d have been hit.\
Palmer gurgled, blood spilling from his mouth. He slumped to the floor in a pool of his own blood.\
Jonathan turned away. He scrambled around the corner, out the door. Bullets ricocheted off the steel doorframe. He raced into the hallway, pulling the door closed behind him. It wouldn\'92t hold them for long; the door locked from the inside.}