{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel\'92s knees threatened to buckle, but she managed to keep herself upright. She wanted to launch herself at Jonathan and tear his throat out, though all he\'92d done was the very thing she\'92d wanted to do herself. She growled in frustration, unable to say a word to him, even to acknowledge his presence.\
Jonathan\'92s gun was aimed at the spot where Tidkins had been, and a cloud of smoke trailed from the muzzle. His teeth were gritted, his eyes narrowed and fiercely focused on Tidkins\'92 body.\
\'93Look out!\'94 he called suddenly.\
She whirled around just in time to see Mr. Hyde barreling toward her. She\'92d completely forgotten about the towering juggernaut at Tidkins' side. Dropping her bow, she ducked beneath his swinging fist and came at him. She retaliated with her mechanical right-hand curled into a fist of her own. She exploded forward with a blow to his abdomen, causing him to reel over.\
"Haven't we done this dance before, Mr. Hyde?" she said.\
The last time they've fought, Hyde had nearly gotten the upper hand. This time, she was surging with adrenaline, her nerves shaking with furious energy. She followed up with a backhand to his jaw and was rewarded with the crack of bone. She'd hesitated to kill Jack. She wouldn't do the same for Mr. Hyde. Her next blow came from a kick, aimed at his shin. Her boot connected hard, and though he was half her size, he went on the defensive. In the battle between David and Goliath, she was Goliath, beating him back with every crushing blow.\
Before she could seal her victory, though, they came. The dead filed into the hallway in droves. Their shuddering growls and rasping, bedraggled moans announced their presence even before Annabel turned and saw them. Fist raised above Mr. Hyde's face, his mask knocked clean off to reveal his stern but bruised face, she faltered. Her next would have been a killing blow, but he used her distraction to knock her back with a back-fist of his own. She landed on her back, the wind knocked out of her. By the time she got to her feet, he was halfway gone, sprinting down the hallway.\
She cursed. \'93Where the hell did they come from?\'94 she asked Jonathan as she picked up her crossbow. She started after Hyde, not to give chase, but because it was the only way to go, and they couldn't afford to sit still.\
\'93They had zombies in cages. And in tanks. Perhaps they got out; maybe that's what set off the alarm," said Jonathan, starting after her. "Or else, the disease is spreading through London even more quickly than they anticipated. If the facility is compromised\'85\'94\
Annabel rubbed her jaw. Hyde had gotten in a few solid jabs; she hadn't even felt them during the fight, but now felt her jaw beginning to swell. Her shoulder felt bruised. Her back ached from landing hard on it.\
She spared one last glance at Tidkins' body. The zombies climbed over it, paying it no attention. They wanted living flesh, and Tidkins was already dead. There was no time to mourn.\
She hurried down the hall, Jonathan right on her heels. She couldn't remember the way out. She hadn't planned that far. All they could do was hope for the best. They would either find their way to the exit, or they wouldn't. She tried each door along the way, but they were all locked.\
\'93That\'92s the laboratory. Palmer and I\'85\'94 Jonathan trailed off as he saw them coming from the other end of the hallway. The dead were converging from both directions.\
The door, labelled 
\i Beta Laboratory
\i0 , was locked, like the others. She examined the lock. It would take too long to pick without her tools.\
\'93Bloody hell,\'94 she cursed. \'93We\'92ll have to make a stand.\'94\
\'93Can\'92t you pick the lock?\'94 he asked. Before she could answer, he started banging on the door.\
When no one answered it, Annabel raised her bow. There was nothing else for it but to put as many bolts in their skulls as they could, and then fight their way out with their bare hands.\
Annabel closed her eye, relying on the prosthesis for her vision, squeezed the trigger, and one of them fell to the floor. He disappeared under the sea of zombies, who climbed over him without seeming to slow.\
She aimed and fired again with deadly accuracy, notched another bolt, moved the crossbow half an inch to the left, pulled the trigger again. Without pause, she fired into their midst, one bolt at a time. Each one hit its mark, but it was not enough. They continued to advance, their numbers practically unaffected by the onslaught.\
\'93There\'92s too many of them,\'94 she said.\
\'93Just keep shooting,\'94 Jonathan shouted back. He aimed his gun and fired, following her lead. Aim, fire, aim, fire.\
They were inches away from each other, but the sounds of gunfire ricocheting down the hallway and the carnivorous moans of the zombies were deafening.\
Jonathan grunted, kicking at the doorknob to the laboratory with all his might. If they couldn\'92t pick the lock, maybe he could break it down. It was up to Annabel to buy him enough time.\
Annabel aimed again, pulled the trigger, and fired her last bolt. She hadn\'92t been counting, and only realized she was out when she reached into her pouch and noticed it was emty.\
She strapped the bow over back again, and looked to Jonathan. The door still wouldn\'92t broken. The zombies were almost upon them. Jonathan turned from the door. He had a few bullets left, but he wasn\'92t the marksman Annabel was. She watched him waste two bullets just to put one zombie down. She might have asked him to hand over his gun, but before she had the chance, he ran out of ammunition too.\
There were still hundreds of zombies and there was nowhere to go.\
\'93This is it,\'94 she said.\
She rolled up her sleeve, revealing her bare, mechanical arm, and gave it a twist of the key. It clicked like clockwork as it wound up, but the sound was all but drowned out by the snarling of the dead.\
She marched forward, towards the zombies.\
\'93What are you doing?\'94 Jonathan grunted.\
\'93Just get that damned door open,\'94 she shouted back.\
She grabbed the first of them by the face, careful not to let his jaws seize upon her hands, and slammed his face into the wall. His skull cracked, and he dropped him to the floor. She stomped on his head for good measure, and caved in the next man\'92s face with a wicked right hook from her brass hand, all in one swift motion.\
\'93Nicely done,\'94 Jonathan shouted.\
\'93Don\'92t get too excited,\'94 she said. \'93It\'92s not over yet.\'94\
Already, another zombie was grabbing at her, this time from behind. She grabbed his arms as if to fling him over her back, using his momentum against him, but his body was rotten. His arms popped out of their sockets with a nasty 
\i plop
\i0 , the skin and meat ripping from his rotting limbs like a snake sloughing off its skin.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 Jonathan replied, \'93but you do seem to have a knack for killing zombies.\'94\
Annabel grinned. It was difficult, in the heat of battle, to remain angry at him. \'93Why, Mr. Grimmer, if I didn\'92t know you better, I\'92d say that sounded like a compliment.\'94\
She dropped one of the arms, but she held onto the other, brandishing it like a weapon.\
She whirled around to face the zombie. He was beyond rotten. He was wet, 
\i soggy
\i0  even, as if he\'92d been soaking in a pool for days. No wonder his arms had ripped out so easily. She raised his limb and swung it at his skull, knocking him over.\
He twitched on the ground, trying to get up, but Annabel didn\'92t let up. She stood over him and used his own arm to cave in his skull.\
\'93Very neatly done,\'94 Jonathan called.\
Beside her, Jonathan had abandoned the door and was doing a decent enough job of fending off the zombies, beating them back with his bare fists, bouncing lightly on his feet and weaving neatly between them.\
\'93You\'92re not bad at that, yourself,\'94 she told him.\
She was surprised. While Jonathan had the build of a boxer and the black eye to prove it, he was still the son of a magician, and had the refined, poised manners of an English dandy. She hadn\'92t expected that fighting zombies would be his forte. She\'92d half expected him to cower in the corner while she did the hard work.\
\'93Well,\'94 he replied, even as he grunted with the effort of punching his way through the zombie mob, \'93I suppose I ought to be. I have spent some not inconsiderable time and effort honing my skill as a bareknuckle boxer.\'94\
\'93Really?\'94 asked Annabel, suitably impressed.\
\'93And,\'94 he answered, thrusting his thumbs into the eye sockets of a zombie that had grasped Annabel by the hair. \'93I have been to war.\'94\
\'93Is that so?\'94 she asked, as she returned the favor, fending off a zombie that had its fingers on Jonathan\'92s arm. \'93Thank you, by the way.\'94\
She breathed heavily with the effort of sweeping out the legs of a particularly large zombie. As the creature crashed to the floor, she finished him off with a solid blow to the head with her mechanical fist. She tried to lift her arm again, but it seized up.\
\'93Buy me some time,\'94 she said. \'93I need to wind my gears.\'94\
She backed into a corner, quickly gave her arm a turn of the key, and flexed her mechanical fingers to test it. It didn\'92t always require such extensive maintenance, but she didn\'92t always put it to such heavy use. She twisted the key as quickly as she could manage, and pulled chunks of rotten meat that had lodged themselves in between her metal pipes.\
She stepped back into the fray. One of the zombies had seized Jonathan by the shoulders. She grabbed the creature by the back of the head and heaved. Its neck ripped, making a sound like pealing bark from a tree, and the creature\'92s head tore free. Annabel stumbled backward, still clutching the disembodied head. Her eyes widened as she looked down to see its teeth still snapping. She flung it away like it was a spider in her cereal, and it split open against the wall.\
She had no time to collect herself. As soon as she\'92d dealt with the beheaded zombie, another came at her. She kicked it away, heart pounding. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the door suddenly swing open. Standing in the doorway was a man Annabel recognized, though they\'92d never met. She\'92d seen his face on the posters upstairs, and he was a dead ringer for Jonathan, if a few decades older and without the slightly crooked nose.\
It was Charles Grimmer.\
\'93It\'92s open,\'94 he said.\
Without a further thought, Annabel hurried to the door, ripping out the trachea of the nearest zombie fiend that assailed her in order to disengage from the fight. She landed a devastating blow with her mechanical arm, splitting its face into a deep crevasse.\
Still, she had to fight her way through the mob, as the zombies moved clumsily in their efforts to sink their teeth into her flesh. At last, she found the open doorway and dove through it. Jonathan was right behind her.\
Remarkably, Annabel was unscathed. As she staggered into the room, Jonathan launched himself bodily at the door. It slammed, but it wouldn\'92t shut. Several cadaverous limbs jammed in the door, their fingers still grasping for living flesh.\
Annabel looked to Charles Grimmer to assist them, but he was gone. He wasn\'92t even in the room. There was no time to wonder where he had gone. The dead were going to get in. Annabel added her weight to the door, and together they strained against it. Still, the door thudded inward, threatening to cave beneath the combined weight of the zombies on the other side.\
\'93We can\'92t hold it,\'94 Jonathan grunted.\
The door shuddered again. With every bang against it, the door creaked open a bit further. There was nothing they could do to stop it. Eventually, the zombies would get in. They were trapped in here.}