{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel\'92s hair had come loose. One of the zombies had gotten hold of it. It was in her face. She couldn\'92t see. The zombie was pulling at her hair, sending searing pain into her scalp. Pulling at her hair, the zombie was trying to bring her head closer to his gaping mouth.\
The second one was trying to get at her throat. She managed to hold him off with her arm.\
The third one had suddenly let her go, and she heard the disturbing 
\i slop
\i0  of something juicy being eaten. A squelching sound like rotten fruit being squished.\
She couldn\'92t see with her hair in her face, but she detected the smell of warm blood mingled with the smell of rot. She heard the crunch of gnashing teeth, the zombies moaning with pleasure.\
Finally, she managed to tear her hair free, and saw Palmer\'92s body being ripped apart. It sent a jolt of fear through her\'97a horrible reminder of her fateful day in Haiti, her eye being ripped from its socket. She could almost feel Palmer\'92s pain as her own. Their grimy fingernails digging into his skin, pulling hot, steaming organs from his body. Their rotting teeth breaking the skin, tearing out layers of flesh. Palmer was already dead. She knew he couldn\'92t feel what was happening to him anymore, but she started to scream.\
She cast about for Roderick, but she couldn\'92t see him through all the carnage. Her screams fell silent, turned into a whimper as the zombies began to finish their meal. Once they were done with Palmer, they turned to Annabel. They set their bloodstained fingers on her cheeks and on her neck.\
She raised her arm. It was all she could do to keep that one from getting at her neck. Her mechanical arm was dead weight; its gears were clogged with gore. Exhausted, disarmed, and terrified, she raised her left arm\'97her good arm. It was the only thing she could put between the zombie and her throat.\
She felt a clump of hair tear out of her scalp, but suddenly she couldn\'92t see again. Her hair was in her face. She couldn\'92t see the dead man\'92s jaws close around her arm. But she could feel it.\
He clamped down until his rotten teeth ripped through the fabric of her shirt and bit into her arm.\
Suddenly, she heard gunfire, and she felt the cold hands being pried off of her. She dealt with the one on her arm, bashing him in the skull with her own, until his brittle bones caved in, and he stumbled back.\
Clutching her wounded arm, she broke his legs with a sharp kick, and he fell to the ground. With a cry of rage and adrenaline, she stomped on his skull with her boot, killing him.\
Panting with exhaustion, her face and hair slick with cold, resinous blood, she turned to see whoever had saved her. At first, she\'92d thought it was Roderick, firing his pepper-pot pistol.\
But it was Jonathan she found before her. He was looking at her with a mixture of horror and relief. She offered him a smile, which given her current state, was probably not very comforting.\
\'93What took you so long?\'94 she asked. She\'92d intended it to sound playful, teasing, but relief crept into her voice.\
Ignoring the question, he took a cautious step towards her. The last of the zombies were dead. She saw Roderick in the corner of her eye, leaning on his cane. She was glad to see he\'92d survived the fight.\
\'93You\'92ve been bitten,\'94 said Jonathan.\
Annabel nodded.\
\'93We should amputate,\'94 he said. \'93Remember, Palmer said that might stop the virus from spreading.\'94\
\'93There\'92s no way in hell you\'92re taking my other arm,\'94 she said. \'93Besides, I\'92ve already been exposed to Lazarus. If it hasn\'92t killed me yet, I might 
\i actually
\i0  be immune. We\'92ll have to wait and see what happens. Kill me if I turn zombie, but you\'92re not taking my damn arm.\'94\
\'93All right, all right,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We won\'92t take your arm. I\'92m just\'85I\'92m glad you\'92re alive.\'94}