{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 "Help me!"\
Jonathan heard the soldier's voice, raised his rifle, aimed it at the enemy soldier, and froze. The spear grew out of his comrade's gut, and blood spilled from his mouth. Finally, Jonathan pulled the trigger. Too late. The soldier was dead. A moment later, Jonathan was seized from behind. Teeth sunk painfully into his shoulder. He turned and shoved the man who'd bit him away, then watched as the man got up and came at him again. He fired his rifle, hitting the enemy soldier in the shoulder. He kept coming, undeterred by the bullet wound, and Jonathan shot him again. The pain in his shoulder swelled, and he blacked out. When he came to, he was in the infirmary, surrounded by the stench of the sick and wounded.\
"Help me!" the soldier cried again, and Jonathan shook his head, dispelling the vision. Around him, the bodies of a dozen zombies littered the floor. Zombies writhed on the operating tables, strapped down but still moving. He could hear Annabel still fighting somewhere nearby, where he'd seen her go down. She was still alive. It wasn't too late to save her.\
He snapped into action, tightening his grip on the surgical blade. He shoved away the nearest zombie and climbed up onto one of the operating tables. With the quick thrust of his blade, he stopped the creature on the table from writhing, and pulled the blade free. Brain matter clung to the surgical blade. He wiped it on his shirt, and leapt to the next table, kicking away the zombies as they reached for him. He shoved the blade into the ear canal of the one on the operating table. He heard the disturbing squelch of rotten meat. Again, he pulled the blade free, and jumped down from the table.\
They had Annabel by the hair, long strands of blood-slick red hair caught in her face. Her shirt was ripped, their grimy fingers dug into the bare skin of her arm. They set their gruesome fingers on her cheeks and on her neck.\
Jonathan fought his way towards her, shoving the dead out of his way as quickly as he could manage, jamming the knife into their skulls with the sharp blade. Annabel raised her left arm\'97her good arm. It was all she could do to keep them from tearing out her throat with their teeth. Her mechanical arm was dead weight; its gears were clogged with gore.\
Jonathan was nearly there. He felt cold hands seize him from behind, and whirled around with the blade, digging it into the creature's eye. It slumped to the floor in a pool of dark, syrupy blood. He pressed on.\
Finally, he reached Annabel. He seized one of the zombies by the shoulder and hauled him roughly backward. The creature tripped over its own feet and fell to the ground. Jonathan slammed his boot down on its head, ripping off a few layers of rotten skin and breaking the zombie's nose. It snarled at him and grasped for Jonathan's leg. He gave it another sharp kick to the head. Its skull cracked, and Jonathan slammed his boot down again. He turned back to Annabel, and watched, horrified, as one of the dead men\'92s jaws closed around her arm.\
She screamed as the vile creature clamped down until his rotten teeth ripped through the fabric of her shirt and bit into her arm.\
"Shit," Jonathan swore.\
He pried the cold hands off of her, and she dealt with the one on her arm, bashing him in the skull with her own, until his brittle bones caved in, and he stumbled back. Clutching her wounded arm, she broke his ankle with a sharp kick, and he fell to the ground. With a cry of rage and adrenaline, she stomped on his skull with her boot, killing him.\
Panting with exhaustion, her face and hair slick with cold, resinous blood, she turned to Jonathan. She offered him a smile. \'93What took you so long?\'94\
Jonathan whirled on the nearest zombie, driving his blade into its skull, and helped Annabel climb onto the operating table. They were safer on higher ground. Easier to reach the zombies' skulls.\
"I'm sorry," he said, looking at Annabel even as he seized a dead man by the hair and thrust the surgical knife upward, beneath the jaw. \'93You\'92ve been bitten,\'94 he said. It wasn't a question. He'd seen the creature's teeth dig into her skin.\
Annabel nodded. She kicked away at the grasping hands of a zombie, driving the creature back. The zombies numbers were dwindling. They'd survived the worst of the fight.\
\'93We should amputate,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Remember, Palmer said that might stop the virus from spreading.\'94\
\'93There\'92s no way in hell you\'92re taking my other arm,\'94 Annabel replied. \'93Besides, I might 
\i actually
\i0  be immune, remember? We\'92ll have to wait and see what happens. Kill me if I turn zombie, but you\'92re not taking my damn arm.\'94\
\'93All right, all right,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93We won\'92t take your arm. I\'92m just\'85I\'92m glad you\'92re alive.\'94}