{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 While Jonathan left to confer with the pilot, Annabel remained intent on the window. She was staring at the men on the gun turrets. Their weapons were aimed at the zombies, but they weren\'92t firing. So long as the zombies could not reach them, they did not pose a threat, she supposed.\
Another minute or two passed in relative silence, the airship hovering in place, until with a hiss of air the ship began to descend. At last, they drew close enough to distinguish the shape of the gas masks that the men at the turrets were wearing. They were corvine in shape, the masks of plague doctors.\
\'93Resurrectionists.\'94\
Of course, while they could now see the Resurrectionists clearly, they too could be seen. The Resurrectionists turned their attention from the zombies to the airship. One of them\'97Annabel couldn\'92t make out which one\'97spoke, using some sort of device to project their voice. It sounded tinny and inhuman, like Ollie's through the speaking tube.\
\'93This city is under quarantine. No citizens are to leave without clearing inspection. By the order of the British Military, turn your airship around.\'94\
She looked at Roderick, but he was stoic and unreadable. She wasn\'92t sure if that was sang-froid or if Roderick was just keeping his fears to himself. R\'e9my, meanwhile, was rubbing his arms as if for warmth, his eyes wide.\
The Resurrectionist\'92s voice interrupted her thoughts, loud enough to hear even over the rumble of the ship\'92s engines.\
\'93Again, this city is under quarantine. Turn your ship around. If you do not comply, it will be taken as a hostile act, and we will open fire upon your vessel.\'94\
In reply, a voice came through the speaking tube again. It was Jonathan\'92s voice, however, not Ollie's.\
\'93All hands on deck. We\'92re going to fight back.\'94}