{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A minute later, Jonathan and Annabel stood side by side, facing the blustery wind on the 
\i Penny Dreadful\'92s 
\i0 deck.\
\'93Fight back?\'94 Annabel shouted over the sound of the engines. \'93Against their gun turrets?\'94\
Jonathan nodded. He turned from Annabel to his copilot. "Ollie?"\
Ollie grinned. \'93Oh, you haven\'92t seen what this beauty can do,\'94 he answered. \'93She might look like a civilian vessel, but the 
\i Penny Dreadful\'92s
\i0  not exactly unarmed.\'94 He turned to call for his co-pilot to take the wheel. \'93Just keep \'91er steady. I\'92ll man the port-side cannon.\'94\
Jonathan\'92s eyes widened. 
\i Cannon?
\i0 \
The co-pilot hooked a line around his waist, securing himself to the post, and grabbed the wheel.\
\'93Shall we raise the shields, Captain?\'94 he asked Jonathan.\
\'93Shields?\'94 Jonathan repeated.\
\'93Take that as a yes,\'94 said Ollie. \'93Starboard cannon\'92s got your name on it, Miss Annabel. Jonathan, the Maxim Gun\'92s all yours. Let\'92s blow these bastards to kingdom come.\'94\
Annabel gave Jonathan a look. \'93Maxim Gun?\'94 she said.\
He'd told her about the Battle of Yemoja River. The thousands killed by the Maxim Guns. The nightmares he'd suffered since then, how the sound of Maxim Guns still plagued his memories. Those nightmares paled in comparison to what had happened in London. Jonathan nodded. "Let's do this."\
\'93I\'92ll show you,\'94 Ollie offered. \'93Just one sec.\'94\
He pressed a button beside the wheel. The airship shuddered and a series of metal panels raised, covering the windows and gasbags. The Resurrectionists\'92 guns were aimed at the ship, but the metal shields afforded them some protection. Hopefully that would be enough to stop their bullets from puncturing the ballonets.\
\'93Right then. Let\'92s get you settled.\'94\
Jonathan followed him to the gun turret. As promised, the Maxim Gun stood front and center, with a huge cannon on either side of the ship.\
Jonathan took a moment to settle into his station, and Ollie offered him a pair of brass goggles to pull down over his face, shielding him against the fierce, cold wind.\
\'93I\'92ve never actually fired one of these before,\'94 he shouted, as the Resurrectionist guns rang out, pinging against the metal shields. The shields suddenly seemed like flimsy protection now that bullets were raining down on them. The metal was too thin to hold out for long, and there were gaping holes in their protective space.\
With Ollie's help, Jonathan managed to figure out how to work the gun. When it was ready, he aimed and began firing the gun as Ollie helped feed the ammunition into it. The weapon let loose an ungodly rain of rapid-fire. Quickly, one of the Resurrectionists fell from his post and was seized by the zombies below.\
\'93I think I've got the hang of this!\'94 he cried triumphantly.\
Ollie left him to his devices, heading for the port-side cannon.\
Jonathan aimed the weapon at the next Resurrectionist and gave him the same fate as his friend. 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  shuddered as Annabel fired the cannon. Her cannonball missed its mark, sailing over the wall, but Ollie's shot struck home, taking out one of the gun towers.\
The Resurrectionists continued to fire back, while the zombies below cried out for flesh. And through it all, Jonathan continued to aim and fire, grinning wildly each time a Resurrectionist fell victim to his onslaught. And when each of the turrets in their way stood unmanned, 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  lowered its shields, and continued on its way.}