{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \'93The Prison of Secrets\'94\
Mr. Sinews Vs. Dr. George Allen\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 The Prison of Secrets
\i0  is a story that takes place in 1901 London and centres on Parson Sinews. Despite his affluence, charm, and wit, the rumours that surround him tell a different story entirely \'96 he\'92s a villain, a sadist, a criminal, an opium addict, an absinthe enthusiast, a murderer whose bribes have bought him immunity from the police, a pederast, an Irishman, and a vampire. The true story of our antihero will be discovered throughout the story, as he becomes the target of a witch hunt and uses any means necessary to prove his innocence in the brutal murder of his beautiful fianc\'e9e. Of course, there\'92s more at stake than merely proving his innocence; there\'92s also revenge to be had and a mystery to uncover. This is a revenge story and murder mystery all in one, a thriller with hints of steampunk and fantasy.\
_______________________________________________________________\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 Prologue:\
- 6 years previous to the events of The Penny Dreadful, Mr. Sinews was pursuing a madman (a hobby of his). He had assembled a crew of likeminded individuals who wished to investigate and if possible, capture the dastardly Doctor Allen, whose crimes were so heinous that following his disappearance he\'92d become a figure of urban legend, a sort of Bogeyman. Those involved in Mr. Sinews\'92 secret society, however, believed that he was real and that with a suitable amount of research and effort, could be found and brought to justice.\
- What Sinews does not yet know: his fiancee, Rachelle Vincent, is a member of The Society of Immortals, where she goes by the name Mircalla Karnstein. Fearing that Sinews will discover Dr. Allen\'92s connection to the Society, she and Dr. Tidkins decide they must get rid of him. They infect Rachelle\'92s twin sister with the unliving plague and display her body publicly, in the style of one of Dr. Allen\'92s victims.\
- After the meeting concludes, Mr. Sinews is arrested for the heinous murder of his fiancee, Dr. Rachelle Vincent. Sinews is further accused of several other murders, previously attributed to Doctor Allen himself.\
- Without so much as a proper trial, Sinews is whisked away to The Prison of Secrets\'97an airship of considerable size which is used to imprison a very specific sort of prisoner: the innocent. Their only crime in common seems to be knowledge. Knowledge which could make them dangerous; not wanting to cause further inquiry, these prisoners are not hung for their crimes, nor are they given a fair trial. The secrets they know are varied, but each one is potentially dangerous.\
- Mr. Sinews\'92 secret is Dr. Allen himself. Although he\'92d barely begun his search, he\'92d already discovered enough to make him dangerous\'97for instance, he believed that Dr. Allen\'92s crimes had been sanctioned by the Crown (although publicly it was proclaimed that Dr. Allen had gone rogue). Furthermore, he was dangerously close to stumbling into discovering Dr. Allen\'92s involvement in the Society of Immortals. With Sinews out of the way, the Society is free to pursue their objectives.\
\
- Rodrick Steen is hired by the government to investigate the escape of a prisoner from the Prison of Secrets. He begins his investigation by talking to one of Sinews\'92 fellow prisoners, who is instrumental in helping Steen to track Sinews down.\
- Sinews\'92 prison stay was lengthy enough to give him time enough to ponder his circumstances and the case. Over the years, he arrived at several conclusions. For example, he concludes that someone must have sold him out to Dr. Allen\'97most likely, one of the members of his secret society. The only other possible culprit was his fiancee, who is now dead. (Then again, he knows she has a twin sister, so it is possible she still lives).\
- The prison, being especially designed to prevent escape, is a high-flying airship, capable of being refuelled by other, smaller airships in order to allow it to stay afloat for months at a time. Still, somehow Mr. Sinews managed to determine a means of escape. Steen begins to put the pieces together, gradually figuring out how Sinews managed to escape. He continues his investigation by tracking down those members of Sinews\'92 secret meeting. He believes they must be members of the Society of Immortals, as he believes Sinews to be.\
- Now, as Sinews returns to London years later, the events of The Penny Dreadful have already taken place. Half of London has been surrounded by a wall of bricks, quarantining the the unliving victims of Dr. Tidkins inside. However, after catching up with (interrogating) one of his old associates from the secret society (Henry Charles Ocelot), he learns that there are still people living within \'93Dead London,\'94 including some of those other members of the secret society.\
- The survivors living within Dead London are under strict quarantine, as it is believed that they may be infected. In fact, while there are many infected in Dead London, there are also many uninfected individuals who have found a way to survive within the toxic city. Raised houses, and systems of catwalks leading from building to building allow them to traverse the city above the toxic clouds which hang heavy, close to the ground, like a contaminated fog. Gas masks are often used when traveling below the raised city. Stilts are also commonly employed by those who do not possess gas masks. Others still, like Mr. O and his Agents, use air filtration systems and air-tight seals for both vehicles and buildings alike. With these methods in place, the only real danger comes from the hordes of the unliving that now stalk the blighted city.\
- Ocelot agrees to provide Mr. Sinews with the necessary equipment to infiltrate Dead London and track down whoever it was that sold him out. With Ocelot eliminated as a suspect, it can only be Dr. Anthony Tidkins, Jonathan Grimmer (Mr. O), Edward Steen (now deceased, according to Mr. Ocelot), Mrs. Hatton (also deceased), or Mme. Vincent (of course, also deceased). By process of elimination, Sinews decides to track either Mr. Grimmer (O) or Dr. Tidkins first.\
- When Steen arrives at Ocelot\'92s, the pair are long gone, but he is able to deduce where they have gone.\
- Tidkins, seeming the most likely, Sinews pursues this lead first.\
- Finding not Tidkins but a series of clues that eventually lead to a dead end, he decides to seek out Mr. O. Upon finding him, he learns that Tidkins is dead, killed under unusual circumstances, which Mr. O describes. It seems abundantly clear that it was Tidkins who betrayed him.\
- However, he also discovers that the Agency has managed to keep the body of Dr. Tidkins for further study (while Tidkins had claimed to have worn his mask to disguise his age, he actually wore it to disguise the fact that he had been living with an infection of the unliving plague; they suspect he may have managed to find at least a temporary remedy, and they hope to reverse engineer this \'93cure\'94 of sorts). This allows Mr. Sinews to investigate his memories, using a recipe given to him by The Moirae.\
- With Tidkins' memories to serve as evidence\'85(unfortunately, death has made Tidkins' memories almost entirely unclear, even with the supernatural aid of the Moirae\'92s concoction) he learns that Dr. Tidkins had been involved with Rachelle Vincent (Mr. Sinews\'92 deceased fiancee), aka Dr. Mircalla Karnstein.\
- This of course leads to one last lead: Dr. Rachelle Vincent. He decides to pay a visit to her old apartment, where he uncovers evidence that she is not dead. He also discovers evidence that leads him back to Allen\'92s Street.\
- There, he finds not Rachelle, but Dr. Allen, surprisingly still alive. Whether to save himself or for some other reason, he tells Sinews that Rachelle is still alive; it was her sister, Camille, who died.\
- Meanwhile, Roderick Steen makes some startling discoveries. Like Dr. Allen\'92s murders, The Society of Immortals\'92 activities were sanctioned by the British government & crown. The unliving plague was not unleashed for the purpose of profiteering, but for the belief that it could be used to find a cure for death itself. He also discovers that Sinews is innocent.\
- Stunned by the revelation that Rachelle is still alive, Sinews is caught off guard; Dr. Allen uses the opportunity to make his escape. In his haste to catch up with Dr. Allen, Sinews is unintentionally exposed to the unliving plague.\
- Steen finally manages to catch up with him, just as he is waking from the plague. Having discovered the Society\'92s cure, and suspecting Sinews\'92 innocence, Steen decides to use the cure on him. After all, he has some questions he would like to ask of Sinews.}