{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel let out a cry of alarm. Not exactly a scream, but she was on the verge of screaming. Her eyes widened. Her heart hammered, and she suddenly found that it was a struggle just to suck in a breath of air. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DA76792C-6A1A-49DA-888C-3CB2AD680998"}}{\fldrslt Of course, it couldn\'92t have helped much that her breasts were bound in cloth as part of her disguise; she was wrapped up tighter than a pharaoh in his tomb, and every breath was painful.}}\
She reminded herself that she\'92d been in spots tighter than this. She told herself to remain calm, but the darkness was so oppressive, she kept flashing back to the horrible moment she\'92d lost her eye. She had the unshakeable feeling that she could feel Connor\'92s rough fingernails raking across her face, digging to her flesh, and gouging out her eye. Silly woman, she scolded herself, and gritted her teeth. She\'92d survived that day. She would survive this one too.\
She took a deep breath, reached up, and adjusted a dial on her eyepiece.  The world through her right eye took on a greenish hue, but she could see again. Not well, but well enough to see Connor. He was right on top of her, inches from her face. She gasped in surprise.\
She\'92d lost her gun, but she had another one. Trouble was, it wasn\'92t easily accessible, and she wasn\'92t sure she\'92d be able to fish it out before Connor could sink his teeth into her flesh. She needed to get out of his grasp, just long enough to fish it out.\
She dug her heels into the carpet for leverage and shoved hard, sliding on her back across the floor. She reached out, above her head, and grasped for something to hit him with. Eventually her hands collided with something thick, solid, and\'85wooden. It was one of the legs of the desk, she realized. It wasn\'92t a weapon, but at least it was something. She held tight and used it to leverage herself toward the desk, kicking at Connor\'92s face as she scrambled to get away. Her first few kicks were the clumsy, feeble kicks of a woman too panicked and unfocused to do much damage.\
But she was relentless, and eventually one of her kicks landed home. His head snapped back violently, and he toppled backward. But before she had gained any ground, he seized hold of her leg, and began crawling back towards her face once more.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://9E3A6AE5-9981-49BE-87AD-0B78E49E5BF9"}}{\fldrslt She pulled hard on the leg of the desk, trying to drag herself further back, but this time she only succeeded in moving the desk.}} She growled in frustration and tried to pull herself out from under him. It was futile. She could barely even move with him on top of her.\
What she needed, she thought again, was a weapon. Something, anything to hit him with, just to get him off of her long enough to retrieve her gun. She looked around for something within reach.\
There. She could see the slightest hint of light beneath the desk. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://14B306DD-D762-42F2-B37C-5FD1D52B88F0"}}{\fldrslt A glint of silver. It was her revolver.}}  She could have cried with relief. Urgently, she reached out, stretching her fingers in a desperate plea to grab the gun.\
She could 
\i almost 
\i0 touch it. Almost, but not quite. She tried to stretch out further, grasping desperately as she pressed her face against the side of the desk just to get a bit closer. She reached her arm out until she was sure that she would tear it from its socket before she managed to grab hold of the revolver. She felt her fingers just brushing up against the handle of the gun. 
\i Almost, almost\'85
\i0 she thought. And then she slipped, and the gun slid even further out of reach.\

\i No, 
\i0 she thought desperately, as if she could only will the gun back to her. She was going to die here, she thought for the first time. She was going to die  with the gun just out of her reach. Another one nestled in its holster, inaccessible with the deranged, sickened Connor atop her.\
Connor growled, his voice barely recognizable as human, and she felt certain that he would eat her alive if he could.\
It was all she could do to remind herself that she would get through this. She was a survivor. She\'92d grown up on the fierce streets of London, a dirty, scrawny orphan with nothing to her name but the will to live. She would not die like this.\
She squirmed. Finally, she managed to get a leg free. She kicked him hard in the face. She was rewarded with the brutal sound of Connor\'92s nose shattering. The air filled with the tangy, metallic scent of blood. She kicked him again, dislodging a few yellowing teeth. Still, his grip would not relent.\
She thrashed, urgently trying to shake him from her. Her heart beat so hard within her chest it was painful, especially with her chest bound so tightly. Her breath came out in short, quick gasps. Her body shook with a feverish chill, but she managed to regain some semblance of calm. Or at least the will to survive.\
She gritted her teeth. The only thing for it was to shoot the bastard, but the gun was beyond her grasp. Then she remembered the second gun. Blinded by her panic, she\'92d forgotten it.\
Even as Connor tried to tear her face off with his teeth, Annabel reached into her coat, fending him off with her other hand. She managed to find her backup pistol. A pocket-sized Derringer. Not exactly her style, but she couldn\'92t be too choosy.\
Connor\'92s jaws gnashed. She drew the weapon and aimed it at him. He seemed not to notice. He snapped at her fingers, dripping spit onto her chest.\
She cringed.\
But she felt more like herself again with the gun in hand. Almost calmly, she stuck the pistol straight into his mouth. She angled it upward, just slightly, so that it was aimed directly at his brain. Then she waited. One second. Two seconds. As patiently as she could.\
Against all common sense, despite the gun in his mouth, Connor was still trying to reach her, his rancid breath making Annabel gag. His hands groped the side of her face, and she twisted her neck to avoid being scratched by his yellowing fingernails.\
She let out a whimper as she felt his cold, dry hands against her skin, but she willed herself to wait, just a moment longer. The music was beginning to wind down. The song was in its last few measures.\
Finally, the moment arrived. The waltz had finished. A chorus of applause broke out. She hoped it would be enough to drown out the gunshot. She shut her eye, turned her head away, and pulled the trigger.\
The bullet whipped through Connor\'92s skull, taking huge chunks of brain matter with it. Cold, dried blood exploded. It spattered across her face and chest.\
A chorus of applause broke out, and Annabel had the momentary sensation that it was her work that was being appreciated.\
Connor\'92s body went limp and landed, hard, against Annabel\'92s chest. She grimaced with distaste, but she was relieved it was over. She took a moment to try to wipe the blood from her face.\
The applause began to subside and eventually gave way to silence. In the quiet moments that followed the gunshot, she heard the click of a latch and the creak of hinges. Someone had opened the door.}