{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 As Jonathan Grimmer stepped down onto solid ground, heads turned. It was one thing to arrive in a luxurious and decadent carriage, or to show up dressed in the finest silks money could buy. It was another thing entirely to arrive by airship. Even among the aristocracy, the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  drew attention. If Prince Albert himself had arrived at the party in a velocipede, he still would not have made such an impressive entrance. Which was precisely what Jonathan wanted. If he was to gain an audience with Lord Connor, he needed to get the man\'92s attention. He removed his hat and with a sweeping hand, gestured his thanks to the captain above.\
\'93Thank you, Captain Merrick,\'94 he said, loud as he could manage.\
He returned his hat to his head and joined the lineup, while those who had been staring at him the whole time turned away and resumed their conversations as if to give the impression that they\'92d hardly noticed him. He flashed a polite smile at the woman in front of him, while she hastily drew out a fan in order to give the impression that her attention had been fixed on the unseasonable warmth of the weather this evening and not on him. She blushed.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer, I presume?\'94 she said, indicating the company name emblazoned on the airship beneath the ship\'92s own name. Grimmer And Sons Printing Company.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer was my father,\'94 Jonathan told her, trying not to let it show that she\'92d just thrust a dagger in his heart. She couldn\'92t have known that the mere mention of his family name was painful. Mr. Grimmer had died recently\'97a tragic hunting accident. It had been less than a week since Jonathan heard the news.\
The young lady gave him a smile.\
\'93It must be a family business, then?\'94 she asked. She curtseyed, and added, \'93I\'92m Lucy Marshall, by the way.\'94\
\'93Charmed,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93And yes, you\'92re quite right. Family business, although the name is a bit misleading. My father insisted on calling it 
\i Grimmer and Sons
\i0 , although I\'92m an only child.\'94\
Miss Marshall\'92s male companion turned around to join the conversation, a terse look on his face.\
\'93Did you say Mr. Grimmer 
\i was
\i0  your father?\'94 he asked. \'93Robert Miles,\'94 he added, tipping his hat.\
As they spoke, a young gentleman bumped into Jonathan. The man asked their pardon as he barged his way through the line. They parted, letting him by, none of them quite sure how else to proceed.\
\'93Well, that was rude,\'94 said Robert. \'93Anyway, I understand the Grimmer Company runs a number of newspapers and literary magazines, is that right? Quite a business, I imagine.\'94\
\'93We also publish penny dreadfuls,\'94 Jonathan said with a grin, enjoying the look on Mr. Miles\'92 face. Meanwhile, Miss Marshall\'92s eyes lit up.\
The sensationalism and bloody subject matter of penny bloods were not considered to be in good taste among proper gentlemen. Jonathan was a man accustomed to the comforts of the wealthiest families in London, but he was still just a newspaper man, not exactly a respectable career among the ton.\
\'93Actually, I\'92ve only just returned to London; I\'92d been away, travelling, but have been summoned back to take over the business.\'94 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F644CD4C-8E97-47FE-B628-5F33A7AF14F6"}}{\fldrslt In fact, Jonathan had only come back to England upon hearing the news of his father\'92s death.}} \'93I thought I\'92d start by writing an article for one of the company\'92s journals.\'94\
He disengaged his attention for a moment to peer ahead at the progress of the line. It was moving along quickly, Lord Connor\'92s servants capably ushering the guests inside. Jonathan would have hated to be stuck making small talk for long. He had enough on his mind as it was, and it was an effort not to let that show.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer? May I ask what it is that you\'92re writing?\'94\
\'93Sorry,\'94 he said, returning his attention to the conversation. \'93Actually, I\'92m afraid I have an ulterior motive in attending this ball. I\'92m writing an article about Lord Connor.\'94\
\'93Oh, really? On what subject?\'94 asked Robert. \'93I\'92ve known Lord Connor a long time. Perhaps I could be useful.\'94\
Jonathan hesitated. He wanted to hear from Connor before saying anything more on the subject. In fact, this was the first time he\'92d told anyone that he was writing about Connor. He thrust a hand into his pocket and felt, pressed against the cream-coloured invitation to the masquerade, a small scrap of paper in his father's handwriting.\
Jonathan was expected to take over his father\'92s duties at the printing company. His office was still full of his father\'92s belongings, and Jonathan had been avoiding the task of cleaning it out ever since he\'92d returned to London. The truth was that he\'92d never really taken the family business seriously. His parents had pleaded with him to take the business more seriously, but Jonathan was more interested in seeing the world, trying his charms on beautiful women, and drinking with his friends. His father had been understanding; he'd given Jonathan an airship and given him the freedom to travel, saying only that when Jonathan returned, he would have to get serious.\
The last conversation he\'92d had with his father, they'd talked about Jonathan taking on his responsibilities with the newspaper. Now that his father was gone, he felt duty-bount to honour his father\'92s wishes.\
Jonathan\'92s assistant at the newspaper, Mr. Palmer, who had been his father\'92s assistant and had worked for the newspaper since Jonathan was a little boy, had been showing Jonathan the ropes. After all, while Jonathan was heir to the family business, he was new to it. Palmer had suggested Jonathan should gain more experience writing before taking over as editor-in-chief. Jonathan had agreed. He decided, in honor of his father, to publish one of his father's unfinished stories.\
His father was an extensive note-taker. There were boxes full of Charles Grimmer's research for articles he would never write. The thought of rooting through his father\'92s notes had filled Jonathan with guilt, but the thought of leaving his father's work unpublished disturbed him even more. When he finally got around to the task, he found himself ill-suited to the endeavour. He couldn\'92t help but actually 
\i read
\i0  each and every document in his father\'92s boxes. It made for slow work. He'd stayed up late into the evening, until the office grew cold, and Jonathan headed to the fireplace.\
It was there that he'd found the scrap of paper, burnt around the edges, almost buried beneath a pile of burnt pages and firewood. This single scrap alone had miraculously survived. Jonathan had plucked it from the ashes and stared at it in wonder. A single phrase had been scrawled upon the page in his father's handwriting.\

\i Lord Connor is Francis Varney?
\i0 \
Jonathan's father had stumbled into something deep. Jonathan felt certain of this. But something had scared him. Something had caused him to burn his research. Only a single sentence had survived. Jonathan was determined to discover what it meant.\
Jonathan knew the name Francis Varney as the villain in a penny dreadful, 
\i Feast of Blood
\i0 . Varney the Vampire. He also knew that the Resurrectionists adopted the names of penny dreadful characters as their own. Was Lord Connor a Resurrectionist?\
\'93If you see him, could you let Lord Connor know I\'92m hoping to speak with him?\'94 Jonathan said at last, avoiding the question.\
His new friends nodded obligingly.\
\'93Of course,\'94 said Robert.\
Finally, they had reached the entrance, and their turn came to enter the ball. The butler held out his hand for their invitations, but Mr. Miles stepped aside.\
\'93After you, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 said Jonathan, as he reached into his pocket. \'93Now, where in the world has it gone?\'94\
\'93Your invitation, sir?\'94 said the butler.\
\'93I had it, just a minute ago,\'94 Jonathan told him, bewildered. He was sure the invitation had been in his pocket. Anxiously, he checked his other pockets for the letters. He was relieved to find that they were still there.\
\'93Not to worry,\'94 said Robert, flashing his own invitation. \'93Mr. Grimmer is with us.\'94\
The butler sniffed. \'93Very well, Mr. Miles. If you can vouch for Mr. Grimmer. Now, let me see here\'85\'94 he trailed off as he checked his list. \'93There we are. Grimmer, Jonathan. But it says here that you\'92re already inside.\'94\
\'93Well then, there you have it,\'94 Robert pronounced. Then, taking Miss Marshall\'92s arm, he marched inside. \'93Come on then, Jonathan.\'94\
Bewildered, Jonathan nonetheless followed them inside. He slipped his mask on, and his new companions did the same. As he took in the crowded ballroom, he reminded them to keep a look out for their host.\
\'93Of course,\'94 said Robert.\
Saying a quick thank you for getting him in without his invitation, Jonathan turned his attention to the numerous masked faces in the ballroom. \'93Mr. Miles. Miss Marshall,\'94 he said, about to take his leave.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 Lucy called, stopping him. \'93The waltz is about to start, and I\'92m in need of a partner.\'94\
\'93What of Mr. Miles?\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93Kind of you to think of me, Mr. Grimmer,\'94 he said. \'93But Miss Marshall will surely save a last dance for me. This one\'92s all yours.\'94\
Apparently there was no way out of this. \'93I thank you for it,\'94 said Jonathan. Then, taking Lucy by the hand, he led her to the dance floor. At least this should give him the opportunity to look for Connor without drawing attention. \'93Any sign of Lord Connor?\'94 he asked Lucy.\
\'93I\'92ll let you know if I see him,\'94 she replied as the dance began.\
True to her word, Lucy kept her eyes peeled as they circled the revolving ballroom, scanning for their host, who was nowhere to be seen. She informed Jonathan, as they danced, to expect Connor to be wearing a stag mask. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CD5D018D-46FC-4D35-9AB8-CDC18DE02010"}}{\fldrslt Apparently these sorts of details were printed in lady\'92s magazines, and evidently Lucy was current in her knowledge of social affairs.}} Well, she\'92d have to be, to be invited to Lord Connor\'92s at all. Still, they\'92d seen no one in a stag mask, and both Lucy and Jonathan were disappointed by his absence.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1A25DC4D-BE56-4F99-8E06-D64D32ADCC84"}}{\fldrslt As the dance ended, they showed their appreciation for the musicians by joining in the applause, which all but drowned out the sound of a muffled gunshot from upstairs. It was a sound that Jonathan had heard before; his father had been a hunter. Otherwise, he might not even have noticed it. His eyes darted upwards, but when he returned his attention to Lucy, it seemed that he was alone in having heard it.}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://20A4189C-F393-46A6-B6CB-3D48C02F033E"}}{\fldrslt \'93What is it?\'94 she asked, having noticed that Jonathan\'92s attention had wandered.\
\'93Did you hear that?\'94\
}}\'93Hear what?\'94 she replied.\
Jonathan shook his head, second-guessing himself. Perhaps it was just the clang of clockwork, a cog in the machine that rotated the ballroom.\
\'93Never mind,\'94 he said. \'93What room do you suppose that would be?\'94 he added, pointing up in the direction the gunshot seemed to have come from.\
Miss Marshall paused to think for a moment.\
\'93Lord Connor\'92s study, I believe,\'94 she replied, \'93Why? What is it that you heard?\'94\
\'93Thank you, Miss Marshall,\'94 said Jonathan. \'93Be sure to give my regards to Mr. Miles.\'94\
At last, he managed to extricate himself from Miss Marshall\'92s company. He beelined for the stairway, which he was relieved to see was crowded with other guests. Apparently there was a balcony upstairs, which was populated by gentlemen who had the good grace to take their cigarettes outside.\
He wasn\'92t certain it was gunfire that he\'92d heard. Maybe it was nothing at all. Even so, a visit to Connor\'92s study was in order. If there was no one there, perhaps he would root around and find some further evidence of Connor\'92s association with the Resurrectionists.\
As he reached the top of the staircase, he turned away from the doors that led outside to the balcony, and headed instead for the gate that seemed to bar the way to Connor\'92s private quarters. He was relieved to find that it was unlocked.}