{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan Grimmer\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Role in Story:		Protagonist\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Physical Description:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Jonathan has dark hair swept back over his forehead in waves. His skin is white and lightly freckled. He is tall, broad-shouldered, the build of a bare-knuckle boxer, his very posture exudes confidence that borders on arrogance.\
He is immaculately dressed in rich tones of grey with hints of blue on his ascot, to match his eyes. His clothes are perfectly tailored but understated. He moves gracefully, and smiles charmingly when he does smile.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Personality:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Jonathan is highly determined; once he sets his mind to something, he will not abandon the endeavour even when he believes his efforts are in vain. Jonathan is suave, charming, and has a devil-may-care attitude. Impolite, rude, and brash, his intentions are good, though his attitude is bad.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Habits/Mannerisms:\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Mr. O smokes heavily, drinks heavily, and has the bad habit of shrugging indifferently\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 Background:	\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li356\fi3\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 When Jonathan was just a boy, he contracted a virus that has come to be known as Lazarus. Only in its infancy in those days, the virus brought him back from the brink of death. It was curable, thanks to the efforts of the finest doctors his family\'92s money could buy, but highly contagious. The virus spread, and it adapted.\
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs34 \cf0 \cb2 Name: Jonathan Grimmer\cb1 \
\cb2 Age: 31\cb1 \
\cb2 Nationality: British\cb1 \
\cb2 Socioeconomic Level as a child: wealthy\cb1 \
\cb2 Socioeconomic Level as an adult: wealthy\cb1 \
\cb2 Hometown: London\cb1 \
\cb2 Current Residence: London\cb1 \
\cb2 Occupation: Owns a printing company\cb1 \
\cb2 Income: High\cb1 \
\cb2 Salary:\cb1 \
\cb2 Birth order: only child\cb1 \
\cb2 Parents (describe relationship): not close\cb1 \
\cb2 Relationship skills: charming\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Physical Characteristics:
\b0 \cb2  \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \cb2 Height: 5\'9211\cb1 \
\cb2 Weight: 175\cb1 \
\cb2 Race: Caucasian\cb1 \
\cb2 Eye Color: Hazel\cb1 \
\cb2 Hair Color: Dark brown\cb1 \
\cb2 Skin color: White\cb1 \
\cb2 Shape of Face: square\cb1 \
\cb2 Distinguishing features: \cb1 \
\cb2 How does he/she dress? well\cb1 \
\cb2 Mannerisms: chews his lip when nervous\cb1 \
\cb2 Habits: (smoking, drinking etc.) smokes, gambles\cb1 \
\cb2 Health: fit\cb1 \
\cb2 Hobbies: reading\cb1 \
\cb2 Favorite Sayings:\cb1 \
\cb2 Speech patterns:\cb1 \
\cb2 Disabilities: n/a\cb1 \
\cb2 Style (Elegant, shabby etc.): gentlemanly\cb1 \
\cb2 Greatest flaw:\cb1 \
\cb2 Best quality:\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Intellectual/Mental/Personality Attributes and Attitudes 
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \cb2 Educational Background:\cb1 \
\cb2 Intelligence Level: just above average\cb1 \
\cb2 Any Mental Illnesses? PTSD?\cb1 \
\cb2 Learning Experiences: \cb1 \
\cb2 Character's short-term goals in life:\cb1 \
\cb2 Character's long-term goals in life:\cb1 \
\cb2 How does Character see himself/herself?\cb1 \
\cb2 How does Character believe he/she is perceived by others?\cb1 \
\cb2 How self-confident is the character?\cb1 \
\cb2 Does the character seem ruled by emotion or logic or some combination thereof?\cb1 \
\cb2 What would most embarrass this character?\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Emotional Characteristics
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \cb2 Strengths/Weaknesses:\cb1 \
\cb2 Introvert or Extrovert?\cb1 \
\cb2 How does the character deal with anger?\cb1 \
\cb2 With sadness?\cb1 \
\cb2 With conflict?\cb1 \
\cb2 With change?\cb1 \
\cb2 With loss?\cb1 \
\cb2 What does the character want out of life?\cb1 \
\cb2 What would the character like to change in his/her life?\cb1 \
\cb2 What motivates this character?\cb1 \
\cb2 What frightens this character?\cb1 \
\cb2 What makes this character happy?\cb1 \
\cb2 Is the character judgmental of others?\cb1 \
\cb2 Is the character generous or stingy?\cb1 \
\cb2 Is the character generally polite or rude?\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Spiritual Characteristics
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \cb2 Does the character believe in God?\cb1 \
\cb2 What are the character's spiritual beliefs?\cb1 \
\cb2 Is religion or spirituality a part of this character's life?\cb1 \
\cb2 If so, what role does it play?}