{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
She\'92d done it. She was in. Now, looking about the room, she saw Connor, sitting comfortably in his armchair, facing away from her so that he was still unaware of her presence. He must have been quite engrossed in his work, whatever that was. The room itself was small and unassuming, in stark contrast with the rest of the house. It was relatively neat and organized. An old book case took up the entire length of one wall, a large wooden desk sat in front of Connor, with little atop it: a stack of paper, a feather pen, ink well, a letter opener, the purple stag mask, and a kerosene lamp that must have been running out. It was flickering weakly, casting shadows across the room. The carpets in this room were plain in comparison to those in the ballroom downstairs.\
There was little in the way of decoration or furniture besides the desk and the bookshelf, but there was a large globe, and beside this, a telescope aimed at the window, which was curtained at the moment in spite of the sun having already set. A grandfather clock in one corner. In the other corner there was a safe. It was disguised as a tea trolley, but it was a weak disguise, and Annabel was quick to determine what it really was.\
She lowered her mask, revealing a face that was beautiful and delicate on one side and scarred on the other. A long, jagged scar ran from eyebrow to cheek, interrupted by a bulky mechanical contraption that was strapped over her right eye. She allowed the mask to hang from her neck, while she retrieved the larger of her two pistols from a holster that was hidden beneath her frock coat.\
Aiming the gun with both hands, she made her way silently across the short span of the room until she stood only an arm\'92s breadth from Connor, keeping the pistol trained on him the entire time. She cocked the pistol; even against the rousing sound of music and frivolity coming from downstairs, the distinctive click of the revolver was clear.\
\'93The combination, Lord Connor,\'94 she said, \'93If you wish to see tomorrow.\'94\
The words were just barely out of her mouth when she realised that something was horribly, dreadfully wrong. The first thing that gave it away was the stench. The awful stench that came from Lord Connor was near enough to make her choke. It was putrid, rotten, and stifling. In her line of work, Annabel had encountered that smell often enough.\
It was the smell of death.\
The second thing that gave it away was the sound of flies buzzing around Connor\'92s motionless body.\
}