{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Jonathan made his way up the driveway to the entrance of the building, as the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  rose into the air again after expelling some of the water from its ballasts.\
He climbed the small flight of stairs and headed inside.\
The almost-musical clang of the printing press resonated down the hall, signalling that the day\'92s operations had already begun. There was a hum of activity, which shouldn\'92t have surprised Jonathan, given the events of last night at Lord Connor\'92s masquerade. He swept through the lobby, giving a brusque nod to the receptionist as he headed toward the door.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer,\'94 the receptionist called.\
He paused at the door and turned around.\
\'93Mrs. Thompson?\'94\
\'93It\'92s good you\'92re here,\'94 she said. \'93I trust you heard about what happened last night at Lord Connor\'92s?\'94\
Jonathan nodded.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he told her. \'93I was there, actually.\'94\
Mrs. Thompson visibly paled. \'93Good god!\'94 she cried, \'93And you\'92re alright? Mr. Grimmer, you do know that you\'92re one of the 
\i only
\i0  survivors, don\'92t you?\'94\
Jonathan blinked at her in surprise.\
\'93What do you mean?\'94\
The receptionist grabbed a newspaper off her desk and showed him the front cover.\
\'93We printed this first thing in the morning. Sorry, sir, Mr. Palmer insisted that we couldn\'92t wait for you to arrive; we didn\'92t know when you\'92d be in. We did send a telegram. I assumed you\'92d gotten it.\'94\
Jonathan shook his head, and took the newspaper. He read the headline, then turned to the article. He quickly skimmed its contents.\
\'93I must have left before this all happened,\'94 he said, scarcely able to believe what he was reading.\
He thought of Roderick, who had gone to Connor\'92s to investigate Connor\'92s death. Instead, he would find a house 
\i filled
\i0  with corpses. He shuddered, and thought of Mr. Monday, the thief he\'92d met in Connor\'92s study. He wondered if Monday had gotten out alive.\
\'93I need to speak with Palmer,\'94 said Jonathan, excusing himself and heading to the door.\
Again, Mrs. Thompson stopped him in his tracks.\
\'93There\'92s one more thing,\'94 she said.\
Jonathan turned around and inclined his head toward her.\
\'93There was someone here looking for you,\'94 she said.\
Jonathan felt a chill creep over his flesh. Had the Resurrectionists found him already? He felt foolish for coming here. He should have stayed afloat in the safety of the 
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0 . He swallowed the lump in his throat. \'93Who was it? What did they want?\'94\
\'93A lady,\'94 said Mrs. Thompson, and Jonathan felt a momentary relief. Then he realized that there might just as well be women among the Resurrectionists. \'93She didn\'92t say what she wanted, only that she was looking for you. When I went to check your office, she left.\'94\
Jonathan nodded. It certainly sounded like suspicious behaviour. He felt even more certain that this mystery woman was a Resurrectionist.\
\'93I don\'92t suppose you got a name?\'94 he asked.\
Mrs. Thompson nodded happily.\
\'93Miss Monday.\'94}