{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Annabel Grey, better known as Miss Monday, crept along the hallway of the Resurrectionists\'92 underground headquarters in the basement of the printing company. Once a research facility for the monster hunters in Charles Grimmer's employ, it was now a sanctuary for the Resurrectionists, monsters themselves. Annabel had to remind herself that not all of the scientists were willing accomplices to Anthony Tidkins\'92 plot. Those who betrayed him were, like Lord Henry Connor, dealt with mercilessly. The scientists were under Tidkins' thumb. They had little choice but to do as he said. Still, if it came down to it, she wouldn\'92t hesitate to kill them. If it couldn\'92t be helped.\
\'93This way.\'94\
She turned to follow Abraham Palmer down a hallway she hadn\'92t been down before. It was impossible to guess the size of the facility, but it seemed labyrinthine, given the number of unexplored corridors, offices, and laboratories.\
It was only due to Mr. Palmer\'92s hand-drawn map of the complex and his knowledge of its layout that they were able to find the 
\i Beta Laboratory
\i0 . With a silent exchange of glances, she signalled that she was ready and waited for Palmer\'92s confirmation. He slipped on his Resurrection mask, and nodded.   Annabel hid her crossbow behind her hip, out of view. She pushed open the door with her other hand.\
The 
\i Beta Lab 
\i0 put its 
\i Alpha
\i0  counterpart to shame, at least in size. It was a vast, open space that made Annabel forget how deep underground they were. A number of enormous machines took up space within the room, boilers at work, hissing steam, chemicals running through tubes. Several rows of operating tables spanned the room, tubes running from the machines to the bodies on the tables. Colourful liquid pumped into their veins, while they struggled against their bonds. Each body on each table was strapped down, wrists and ankles cuffed so tight the the bonds cut into their skin. Not that they would feel it; they were zombies.\
Despite the barbaric experiments that were conducted here, there was a clinical cleanliness to the room, a thorough organisation to the madness. Annabel wondered if the men on the operating tables had been dead when the experiments had started, whether it was the disease or the cure the Resurrectionists were pumping into their veins. She knew they had no qualms about spreading the deadly disease.\
A series of hazy black and white photographs were pinned to one of the walls. Unusual photographs, they revealed the subjects\'92 skeletons.\
Another section of the laboratory seemed to be dedicated to the study of those corvine birds that had provided the emblem for the Resurrectionists. Tubes filled with blood were stored in a glass cabinet, kept cool by some mechanical device. Condensation had formed upon the glass.\
A dozen dissected birds were mounted with labeled pins, while the living birds squawked in their cages as scientists pricked them with needles, either drawing blood or injecting the crows with something. It was part rookery, part slaughterhouse, part monster hospital.\
For a minute, Annabel and Palmer went unobserved, which gave them ample time to take stock of the laboratory. Eventually, the scientists seemed to notice the presence of the intruders. Annabel made a quick count of the Resurrectionists. Eight of them. She had more than enough bullets.\
She recognised one of them, despite the mask he wore. His posture, greying hair, and age-spotted skin gave him away. He coughed into a handkerchief, then took a puff of air from a device that was hooked up to a cyllindrical tank. It was Dr. Jekyll.\
Annabel was surprised to see he hadn't yet succumbed to the Lazarus Virus. He was clearly suffering from its effects, but the fact that he was still living suggested he had some sort of resistance. Perhaps the scientists were already close to finding a cure.\
\'93What are you doing here?\'94 he asked, staring at her confusion.\
\'93How\'92s the head?\'94 she asked.\
Jekyll put a hand to his head where she'd him him, but he said nothing.\
Palmer quieted her with a look. She frowned, but let him take the lead.\
\'93I have the subject in hand,\'94 said Palmer, taking her in hand and nudging her forward. He used his own body to help her conceal her weapon.\
This had been Annabel's plan. If this had been an ordinary burglary, Annabel would have stole into the laboratory, avoiding direct confrontation, and taking the research right from under the Resurrectionists' noses. But the facility was too heavily guarded, and the Resurrectionists were on the lookout for her. Better to treat this mission as a heist than as a burglary, to favour deception over stealthiness.\
The Resurrectionists believed that Palmer was loyal to their cause. He might have jeopardized that by helping Annabel escape, but Annabel figured he could regain their trust by bringing her in as his captive. Then, once their guard was down, they would strike.\
\'93She escaped from the holding cell,\'94 said Palmer. "I managed to recapture her. I understand she was a subject of interest, given her exposure to the Lazarus Virus."\
\'93Good, very good. Get her strapped down. There\'92s an empty table, just there.\'94\
Slowly, Palmer moved her forward, careful to angle himself so as to keep her weapon hidden from view, until he stood adjacent to Dr. Irving. Only then did Palmer let her go.\
The moment he did, she caught Dr. Jekyll in a headlock, aiming her crossbow at his skull. He yelped in surprise, and some of the Resurrectionists drew their own weapons. Only two of them were armed. After all, these men were scientists. Not all of the Resurrectionists were fighters.\
Annabel positioned herself so that they didn\'92t have a clean shot at her without risking killing Dr. Jekyll.\
\'93Put your guns down,\'94 she instructed.\
\'93Do as she says,\'94 said Palmer.\
Slowly, careful not to make any sudden moves, the gentlemen complied.}