{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \'93Is it really too late?\'94 she asked him.\
\'93For London, or for us?\'94\
Jack had taken off his mask, which he now held in one hand.\
She returned her attention to Mr. Palmer, who was trying to get up. She kicked him in the back, and he grunted in pain. She looked again at Jack.\
\'93For London,\'94 she said. Careful not to let her emotion show, she looked him in the eye and with careful inflection, she told him, \'93It is most definitely too late for us.\'94\
He nodded.\
\'93Fair enough,\'94 he said.\
Perhaps she was mistaken, but she thought she detected a hint of regret in his pale pink eyes, a note of sadness in his voice. 
\i Damn him
\i0 . 
\i What did she care about his sadness?
\i0  He was a mass murderer. She felt sick to think of what he had done.\
\'93It isn't too late for London,\'94 he said. "Once I find a cure--"\
Her stomach tightened. "
\i If
\i0  you find a cure," she said, "It will still be too late. What about all those people who've been killed by zombies?"\
She thought about Andrew. She hadn't really known him, but he'd seemed like a sweet young man. Innocent, and in love. And now he was dead.\
"It will be worth it," he answered. "I will have cured death. No one else will need to die. Not 
\i ever
\i0 ."\
Annabel thought she might be sick. She couldn't concentrate on Anthony Tidkins and on Palmer at the same time. She decided to simplify things. She slammed the butt of her gun into Palmer's skull with her mechanical arm. He slumped to the floor, unconscious. Or dead, Annabel could hardly care less.\
\'93You want to cure death so bad you'd destroy a city of millions? Why is this so important to you?\'94\
\'93Because my father is dying,\'94 he said simply.\
It took her only a moment.\
\'93You mean Dr. Allen?\'94 she said. "Not your real father."\
\'93Dr. Allen 
\i is
\i0  my real father," he said. "I was his bastard son. He and my mother gave me up for adoption. Dr. Allen's wife wouldn't let him keep me, and the mother was in a similar position. My adoptive parents were unable to have children of their own. When my adoptive mother died, my father came to resent me, as if it was somehow my fault. He sent me to live with Dr. Allen; he and his wife had divorced by then. My adoptive father told me I was to be Dr. Allen's apprentice. Allen was a renowned surgeon, and my father wanted me to be trained by him. It was only later, much later, that I learned the real reason I\'92d been sent to Dr. Allen. Dr. Allen was my father.\'94\
\'93And you thought you could save him?"\
"I 
\i can
\i0  save him," Jack said with passion. He had tears in his eyes. "I have to save him."\
"Even if it costs the lives of millions?\'94 Annabel asked.\
"I'm sorry," he said, and Annabel believed him.\
At last, Annabel understood. Jack was insane. Brilliant. But insane.\
Her hand was trembling, her vision unclear. She steeled herself. Before she could put further thought into it, she raised the pistol. Point blank, she aimed its muzzle at her oldest friend and put her finger on the trigger.}