{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Cold surgical steel sliced into rotten flesh, cutting through gristle and tendons as easily as carving a roast. Slabs of rotting meat began to pile up in the doorway, but still, they pressed forward. Annabel tried to get a count, but it was impossible to gauge how many there were with the door half-closed and their grunting, snarling faces so close to her own.\
She planted a firm kick at one that had gotten too close for comfort, sending him sprawling backwards, but another one took his place. Intestines dangling, utterly naked, with blood in her blond hair, the zombie snapped her teeth, inches from Annabel\'92s neck. She heard a cry of pain from beside her, Abraham\'92s voice, but she had her own problems. She thrust her blade into the woman\'92s skull, heard the crunch of bone and brain, and moved on.\
Killing the zombies was simple enough, once she had the hang of it. She only had to destroy the brain. Any other wound would not suffice. Destroy the brain, and the body would go limp, cease attacking.\
Easier said than done. Annabel grabbed the hilt of her blade, pulled it from the skull of her latest kill, and went for the next one. Her blade caught him beneath his jaw, aimed upward into the brain. He went limp. Again, she set her sights on another that had gotten too close, pulled the blade from the man\'92s jaw.\
She cried out as two zombies grabbed her at once, one of them by the hair, the other by her right arm. The blade clattered to the floor and disappeared as the zombies climbed over it. She felt another set of hands seize her as she fought to fend them off.\
Her hair had come loose, as the walking corpse had gotten hold of it, and it was in her face. He was pulling at it, trying to bring her head closer to his gaping mouth. The other one was trying to get at her throat, but she was holding him off with her arm.\
The third one had suddenly let her go, and she heard the disturbing 
\i slop
\i0  of something juicy being eaten. She couldn\'92t see what it was with her hair in her face, but she detected the smell of warm blood mingled with the smell of rot. She heard the crunch of gnashing teeth, the moans of contentment for the unliving.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://0ED70C84-C990-4AC5-A2B9-7312D3755A55"}}{\fldrslt She started to scream, but she knew there was nobody to help her now. It was Palmer that was being eaten.}} Her screams fell silent, turned into a whimper as they began to finish their meal and set their blood-wet fingers on her cheeks and on her neck.\
She raised her arm. It was all she could do to keep that one from getting at her neck. She felt a clump of hair tear out of her scalp, but suddenly she could see again. See the unliving man\'92s jaws close around her arm. He clamped down until his rotten teeth ripped throat her shirt and into her arm.\
Suddenly, she heard gunfire, and she felt the cold hands being pried off of her. She dealt with the one on her arm, punching him with her left until his face caved in and he stumbled back. She broke his legs with a sharp kick, and he fell to the ground. With a cry of rage and adrenaline, she stomped on his skull with her boot, killing him.\
Panting for breath, her face and hair slick with cold wet blood, she turned to her saviour. For a moment, she\'92d thought it might have been Palmer, not dead after all, but it was Jonathan she found before her. He was looking at her with a mixture of horror and relief. She offered him a smile, which given her current state, was probably not very comforting.\
\'93Not that I\'92m unhappy to see you, but what are you doing here?\'94 she said, relief actually creeping into her voice.\
Ignoring the question, he took a cautious step towards her.}