{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The 
\i Penny Dreadful 
\i0 was swift, its propellers and sails and ornithopteresque wings driving it to the edge of the city. Another cup of tea sat empty. Annabel reached for the pot with her mechanical arm and poured herself another cup. Jonathan stared at her with a strange look upon his face.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab720\fi359\sl480\slmult1\qj
\cf0 \'93I\'92m just pouring a cup of tea, Jonathan. Nothing to marvel at,\'94 she told him.\
He grinned.\
\'93On the contrary, you are a constant marvel, my dear Annabel.\'94\
She rolled her eyes, both the real and the mechanical one. The lens clicked and whirred as it spun on its gears.\
\'93So, what now?\'94 asked Mrs. Thompson. \'93Where do we go from here? Surely we can\'92t stay in London.\'94\
\'93You\'92re right. For now, I\'92ve ordered the crew to get us out of the city. And then we need to find out more about Chateau d\'92If. The Resurrectionists are still out there, and they have my mother.\'94\
\'93Not to mention, Parson Sinews,\'94 said Annabel. \'93You know, there\'92s something terribly odd about that man. I can\'92t quite put my finger on it, but I feel certain he\'92ll have some part to play in all of this.\'94\
Roderick looked, for a moment, as though he was going to offer some insight into Parson Sinews, but thought better of it. \'93There\'92s also the matter of finding a cure,\'94 he said instead, \'93The Resurrectionists managed to escape with most of their research papers, unfortunately\'97\'94\
\'93Most?\'94\
\'93Well, I did manage to abscond with 
\i this
\i0 ,\'94 he replied, unfolding a sheet of paper, which he took from his pocket. \'93Nothing to do with the cure, but get this,\'94 he said, and turning his eyes to the page, he read aloud, \'93Certain species of insects are known to react to the Lazarus Virus, undergoing extreme, rapid growth, as well as demonstrating certain metamorphic qualities.\'94\
\'93Meta-what?\'94 said Mrs. Thompson.\
\'93Metamorphic. A transformation, like a caterpillar into a butterfly.\'94\
\'93Wonderful,\'94 said Annabel. \'93Zombie bugs. As if ordinary zombies weren\'92t bad enough.\'94\
As they spoke, the ship had been steadily descending. As the fog cleared in front of the ship, an unsettling vision came into view through the windows. An enormous wall had risen up, lining the edge of the city. Zombies were clawing at it, trying unsuccessfully to scale its heights and get at the men in the towers.\
\'93What on earth,\'94 Annabel exclaimed, getting out of her seat and heading over to the window for a better view. A moment later she was joined by Jonathan, Roderick, and Mrs. Thompson. They gaped at the wall in silence.\
It was vast, stretching as far as they could see in either direction. It stood several stories tall, with gun turrets positioned around it. Though the wall was obviously makeshift, pieced together with lengths of sheet metal and plywood, it was enough that the zombies could neither scale its heights nor topple the wall. Even so, it was difficult to imagine how it could have been assembled so quickly, unless it had been built in advance, in anticipation of Dead London. Which meant that it could only have been built by Resurrectionists, or Resurrectionist sympathizers. Annabel remembered what Palmer had said about Queen Victoria. Even she was suspected of supporting the Dead London project.\
\'93They\'92re quarantining the city,\'94 said Roderick. \'93Trying to keep the zombies inside.\'94\
\'93What about the living?\'94 Annabel exclaimed. \'93There are still survivors living in the city. They\'92ll be trapped inside with them.\'94\
\'93Won\'92t be too many living people left,\'94 said Jonathan.\
\'93God,\'94 Annabel breathed. \'93It really will be Dead London. A city of walking corpses. Can we get any lower?\'94\
The ship was circling near the wall, just outside the range of the wall\'92s gun turrets. Just then, Skip's voice came through the speaking tube, distorted and tinny as it resonated from a little metal box in the top right corner of the lounge.\
\'93Mr. Grimmer, you\'92re needed on deck, please.\'94\
\'93Excuse me a moment,\'94 said Jonathan. To Annabel, he added, \'93I\'92ll see about getting us lower.\'94\
While he left to confer with the pilot, Annabel remained intent on the window. She was staring at the men on the gun turrets. Their weapons were aimed at the zombies, but they weren\'92t firing. So long as the zombies could not reach them, they did not pose a threat, she supposed.\
Another minute or two passed in relative silence, the airship hovering in place, until with a hiss of air the ship began to descend. At last, they drew close enough to distinguish the shape of the gas masks that the men at the turrets were wearing. They were corvine in shape, the masks of plague doctors.\
\'93Resurrectionists.\'94\
Of course, while they could now see the Resurrectionists clearly, they too could be seen. The Resurrectionists turned their attention from the zombies to the airship. One of them\'97Annabel couldn\'92t make out which one\'97spoke, using some sort of device to project their voice. It sounded tinny and inhuman, like Skip's through the speaking tube.\
\'93This city is under quarantine. No citizens are to leave without clearing inspection. By the order of the British Military, turn your airship around.\'94\
She looked at Roderick, but he was stoic and unreadable. She wasn\'92t sure if that was sang-froid or if Roderick was just keeping his fears to himself. Mrs. Thompson, meanwhile, was fanning herself, her eyes wide.\
The Resurrectionist\'92s voice interrupted her thoughts, loud enough to hear even over the rumble of the ship\'92s engines.\
\'93Again, this city is under quarantine. Turn your ship around. If you do not comply, it will be taken as a hostile act, and we will open fire upon your vessel.\'94\
In reply, a voice came through the speaking tube again. It was Jonathan\'92s voice, however, not Skip\'92s.\
\'93All hands on deck. We\'92re going to fight back.\'94\
A minute later, Annabel stood at Jonathan\'92s side, facing the blustery wind on the 
\i Penny Dreadful\'92s 
\i0 deck.\
\'93Fight back?\'94 she shouted over the sound of the engines. \'93Against their gun turrets?\'94\
Jonathan grinned. \'93Oh, you haven\'92t seen what this beauty can do,\'94 he said.\
\'93She might look like a civilian vessel, but the 
\i Penny Dreadful\'92s
\i0  not exactly unarmed,\'94 said Skip, before turning to call for his co-pilot to take the wheel. \'93Just keep \'91er steady. I\'92ll man the portside cannon.\'94\
Annabel\'92s eyes widened. 
\i Cannon?
\i0 \
The co-pilot hooked a line around his waist, securing himself to the post, and grabbed the wheel.\
\'93Shall we raise the shields, Captain?\'94 he asked Jonathan.\
\'93Shields?\'94 Jonathan repeated.\
\'93Take that as a yes,\'94 said Skip. \'93Starboard cannon\'92s got your name on it, Cap. Annabel, the gatlin\'92 gun\'92s all yours. Let\'92s blow these bastards to kingdom come.\'94\
Annabel shared a grin with Jonathan. \'93Gatling gun, eh?\'94 she said.\
\'93I\'92ll show you,\'94 Skip offered. \'93Just one sec.\'94\
He pressed a button beside the wheel. The airship shuddered and a series of metal panels raised, covering the windows and gasbags. The Resurrectionists\'92 guns were aimed at the ship, but the metal shields afforded them some protection. Hopefully that would be enough to stop their bullets from puncturing the ballonets.\
\'93Right then. Let\'92s get you settled.\'94\
Annabel followed him to the gun turret. As promised, the Gatling gun stood front and center, a huge cannon on either side of the ship.\
Annabel took a moment to settle into her station, closing her one eye against the fierce, cold wind. Skip pulled a pair of brass goggles down over his face.\
\'93I\'92ve never used a gun like this before,\'94 she shouted, as the Resurrectionist guns rang out, pinging against the metal shields. The shields suddenly seemed like flimsy protection now that bullets were raining down on them. The metal was too thin to hold out for long, and there were gaping holes in their protective space.\
With Skip's help, Annabel managed to figure out how to work the gun. When it was ready, she aimed with her mechanical eye, and began turning the crank as Skip helped feed the ammunition into the gun. She cackled wildly as the gat let loose an onslaught of bullets. Quickly, one of the Resurrectionists fell from his post and was seized by the zombies below.\
\'93I love this gun!\'94 she cried triumphantly.\
Skip left her to her devices, heading for the portside cannon.\
Annabel aimed the weapon at the next Resurrectionist and gave him the same fate as his friend. 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  shuddered as Jonathan fired the cannon. His cannonball missed its mark, sailing over the wall, but Skip\'92s shot struck home, taking out one of the gun towers.\
The Resurrectionists continued to fire back, while the zombies below cried out for flesh. And through it all, Annabel continued to aim and fire, laughing wildly each time a Resurrectionist fell victim to her onslaught. And when each of the turrets in their way stood unmanned, 
\i The
\i0  
\i Penny Dreadful
\i0  lowered its shields, and continued on its way.}